Pandas in China only eat bamboo and Koalas in Australia eat exclusively eucalyptus leaves. They are both restricted to one food while pythons eat a varity of foods potentially harming native species.
Panda's are similar to Koala's by they are both specialist species. They only survive in certain conditions. They are not able to adapt very well and can only eat and live in certain climates. They are both different form pythons by they are not reptiles. Also a python is a generalist specie and can easily adapt to change. They eat a variety of foods, and accept change.
A panda from china and a koala from Australia are very simmilar because they are both specialists. Panda's only eat bamboo and koalas exclusively eat eucalyptus leaves.This shows that they are unable to adopt , unlike a python whose habitat in Asia is simmilar to those in about a third of the continental united states.
China's panda is similar to Australia's Koala because in the article it states that the panda only eats bamboo and the koala eats eucalyptus leaves constantly. they both only eat one thing and are different from pythons because they eat multiple things (not plants) and are more vicious.
Pandas and koalas are similar to each other because they both only eat one type of food, while pythons try to eat anything that moves and fit in their mouth. This means that the koalas and pandas are much more likely to go about alike because of their food sources than the pythons.
Koala's and panda's are both specialists, which means that their is only 1 food that is essential to their diets and can't be found much of anywhere else. While a python is a generalists and can survive in other places because it's food source is not limited.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they both almost exclusively eat just one food, pandas eat bamboo, and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves. Both animals are different from the python because pythons can adapt to different food sources while pandas and koalas can not.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia. They both rely on eating just one thing, bamboo or eucalyptus leaves exclusively. The panda and koala are different from a python because they are specialists and a python is a generalist.
Well in China a specialist is a panda who eats almost nothing but bamboo and the Australian koala bear eats eucalyptus leaves all the time. They're both different form pythons because pythons can eat anything and can almost survive anywhere. "A python swallowed an alligator..." They'll eat anything but the panda and the koala stick with what they know which is the bamboo and the eucalyptus leaves.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialists. Another similarity between the two is that they both feed to one specific plant. Pandas and koalas are different than pythons because a python is a generalist. Also a python has more than one food source that is not plant or vegetation.
China's panda and Australia's koala are similar because they are both special lists. This means that they only eat specific items, such as bamboo and eucalyptus leaves. The python, on the other hand, is a generalist carnivor that will eat any meat.
China's panda are similar to Australias Koalas because they both have a strict diet and are picky paters. They are both different from pythons because a python will eat a lot more different food. Like the time when a python swallowed a n alligator and exploded in the Everglades in 2005.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they don't eat everything. They are both different from pythons because pythons will eat anything.
Pandas in China, and koalas in Australia are similar because they both are specialists. So they have to stay in specific habitats to survive. Pythons are generalists, they can move anywhere and adapt to their surroundings to survive. In the article it says that the pandas mostly eat bamboo and koalas mostly eat eucalyptus leaves.
Pandas and Koalas are both alike because they are specialists. They both consume a primary food. For example pandas' diets are mainly made up of bamboo; Koalas diets mainly consist of eucalyptus leaves. They differ from pythons because they can only live in places where their primary food source is present.
The China's panda and Australia's koalas are similar because are specialist so can subsist with hurmn stwond and they are different of pythons because are generalist so can subsit many place but the specialist not can only at a determinate place.
The pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar because both species live in only one area around the world. Also both just eat one type off food like bamboo and eucalyptus leaves. But both pandas and koalas are different than the python because a python can eat many foods and live in different areas around the world.
Pandas are similar to koalas because they are both specialists. For example bamboo is to pandas as eucalyptus leaves is to koalas. These two species are different from snakes since a snake is a generalist species. Snakes are generalists because they can adapt to many different locations where as pandas are stuck on China and koalas are in Australia.
Both pandas in China and Koalas in Australia are similar because they they are specialist. This means that they would not be able to survive anywhere else because the certain food sources they need are only incaled in China and Australia. A python , a generalist is different because it can live anywhere on earth, as long as it has a climate that is suitable.
Pandas are specialist, meaning they dine on bamboo. Koala's do much of the same thing. They eat only eucalyptus leaves. Both these animals are different from pythons. In the article the author talks about them being generalists, this means the python can live almost anywhere in the world. Pandas and koala's, however, can not.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they are both wild animals that are starting to become more popular living with people. They are different than pythons because they are more cuddly and aren't able to live in as much climate as snakes.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they both require special native food. Pandas eat bamboo which is predominatly found in China. The koala which lives in Australia, only eats eucalyptus leaves. They are similar because they are both specialist animals. They are both different from pythons because whereas the python can survive in the south of of the U.S, the panda and koala need to continue to live where they live now.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar for they are both specialists species, meaning that they are stable creatures who live the same lifestyle. For example they eat only bamboo and eucalyptus leaves respectively. They both are different from the python because the python is a generalist species. That means that it is able to adapt to changes. It can eat a variety of things, it can change.
Koalas and pandas are both similar in each other because they both require exclusive and specific habitats to survive. For instance, the Australian koala's diet consist strictly of eucalyptus leaves, as well as the Chinese panda bear which survives off bamboo. These two in comparen to the pythons which can survive in any environment that is warm.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are specialists, meaning they require one certain food and environment to survive. Pythons are generalists, who aren't very specific in what they eat. This means that they can adapt very easily to new environments, whereas, specialists cannot.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialists and depend on certain foods that they can't survive without. They are both different from pythons because a python is a generalist and can live anywhere and change can benefit it, but specialists need stability.
Koalas and pandas alike are specialist, they both rely on one food so once. For example pandas only eat bamboo and koalas only eat eucalyptus leaves. Both species are different then cobras because they are specialists and cobras are generalist so they can survive on multiple types of food.
Panda's in China and Koalas in Australia differ from pythons in that pythons are "generalist" whereas Koalas and pandas are specialists this means that pythons can thrive in multiple habitats, which differs from the pandas and koala's that need specifics (such as bamboo for pandas) to survive.
Pandas and koalas live in one specific area, china or Australia limited by its habits. Each animal "eats almost nothing but bamboo, or... eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively." A python, however, adapts and changes, giving it many options for survival, such as Asia or its now USA home.
Well the obvious difference between pandas/ koalas and pythons is that the python is a generalist and a panda or koala are specialist. Bob Roy MacInnes, co-owner of Glads Help Farms, said " A generalist is change... specialist is stability... Earth a rapidly changing place" That is one of the difference between pythons and panda/koala.
The pandas in China are similar to the Koalas in Australia because they only eat one thing in specific, the pandas only eats bamboo s the koala eats eucalyptus this makes them different from the python because the pythons can eat almost anything. For example they can eat mices/rats/reptiles/birds and so on.
Pandas are similar to Koalas. Both Koalas and Pandas are alike cause they both clime tree's there both the same color and both live the same the dont make there own foods.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialists. Pandas eat mostly only bamboo and koalas eat mostly only eucalyptus leaves. Both species would not respond well to change unlike pythons which are generalists. Pythons can respond well to change and can be seen in multiple locations.
The similarity between panda bears from China and koala bears from Australia is the two species eat mainly one or a few things. Panda's eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus tree leaves. These animals differ from pythons because this harmful animal will eat anything that is meat, and can survive with the changes in its own diet.
as the author said, " China's panda eats almost nothing but bamboo" and just like the panda, the koala " eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively ." Where as the python can adapt and it does not rely on only one food source.
Pandas in china are similar to koalas in Australia because they both eat food that grows in their area.Pandas eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves. Pandas and koalas are different from pythons because pythons can adopt to a new environment more quickly then the pandas or koala can. pythons often do best around humans where as pandas and koalas do not.
Panda's and Koalas are the same because of their diet and because they aren't in the bear family.The different between panda and a Koala versus a snake is the snake is smaller animal is more dangerous.
According to the article panda's in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they both are specialist. However they differ from a python because pythons can live anywhere meaning they can adapt to different environments. As the the pandas and koalas they cannot survive without certain sources.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they are both specialists. They both have essentially one type of food, bamboo and eucalyptus leaves respectively. They are different from pythons because pythons are generalists which can live anywhere, whereas specialists can only live in certain environments.
Pandas in China are similar to Koalas because they are both specialist meaning they live in specific places due to the one specific thing they eat. They are different from pythons because pythons are generalists and can live almost anywhere.
How pandas in china are similar to koalas in Australia is that they are both bears that eat plants. However, the difference between them and pythons are snakes that take in whole animals for their food the author explains that skip show tagged a radio transmitter to a key lamp wood rat and was tracked all the way into a python.
Pandas in China are more likely to survive in China because their main food source, bamboo is found in China. This is similar to the Australian koala bear who, according to the article, eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively. The python is different from both of these animals because the python can inhabit a climate similar to those found in Asia and be able to survive and repopulate.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they both eat plants for most of their life. They are also similar because they are both specialist that live in warm areas. The two are different from pythons because a python is a generalist, which depends on other animals to survive such as a raccon.
Pandas bears in China and koalas bears in Australia are a like because they only eat on thing.Pandas eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves. Also they both only eat plants pythons different because the eat a lot of different things like alligator.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar because they are both specialists who have a very picky diet. The are different from a python because a python is a generalist and it will eat a wide variety of things.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas because they both can adapt to the climate change in areas rather than a python.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are both specialist. They both very little and they don't eat meat. In the article it says that pandas only eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves. A python is different from this because they are generalist. Pythons will eat anything if they need to and in the article it says that they can live almost anywhere.
Panda's and koalas are similar because they don't have a wide range of food choice. they eat very little. A python is different from a panda & koala bear because a python is a generalist were a panda & koala are specialist.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they both need a special place to live that has no right food that they eat & the right climate they live in. Pythons are way different as in the article ''A generalist is a python the ultimate generalist arguably a human being'' meaning pythons can survive anywhere.
Chinese pandas and Australian koalas almost exclusively eat bamboo and eucalyptus leaves respectively, while pythons are only restricted to warm weather places, with no food restrictions. As stated in paragraph 20, pythons are generalists. As stated in p. 21, koalas and pandas are specialists.
China's panda and Australia's koala bear are both called "specialists" in the article "One man's pet, Another's Invasive species" by Joel Achenbach. They both have limited diets, mainly eating 1 food, for the panda it's bamboo and for the koala it's eucalyptus leaves. These animals differ from the python because it is called a "generalist" and the python is carnivorous and can eat anything.
The panda and the koala both are specialist species. They eat only one type of food and introducing them to a different part of the world would be nearly impossible,  while a python can be introduced to any part of the world because it can adapt better. A python swallowed an alligator. Pythons can eat any thing while pandas and koalas can't adapt.
The panda and koala are similar because they are both specialists. Both animals fead almost exclusively on one plant is the article says the koala and panda both rely on the article eat change.
Pandas and koalas are similar in that they are both specialists. In the text it says, "A specialist is China's panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's koala bear, which eats almost eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively. "Pandas and koalas have a limited area they can live. Pythons on the other hand are generalists, and can adapt to change easily. The main difference between specialists and generalists is that one can adapt and one cannot.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they are both specialist that have an exclusive diet and are less likely to survive anywhere else but in their regular habitat. Pythons, in Contrast belong to the generalists which are the most likely to adapt and survive around human beings. " A generalist" says the article are man's pet. Another's invasive spaces " Is a human being also with the assistance of technology can live anywhere.."
Pandas in china are similar to koalas in Australia because both animals eat almost same type of food and a only plants. According to the article, " China's panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's koala bear  which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively. Also Pandas & koalas are different from pythons because pythons are carnivores. According to the article, " A python swallowed an alligator," Pandas and koalas eat plants and they eat mostly one type of plant, but pythons eat animals.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar because they both ca only live there due to the envlromet. Pandas eat bamboo which is very a bundat in China, and koala's eat eucalyptus leaves which are very abundat in Austraila. That is any for f them live here. Now a python aresn't live off one food, so it can live anywhere and splecd.
Pandas and koalas are different from pythons because they are specialists. Pandas almost exclusively eat bamboo, while koalas almost exclusively eats eucalyptus leaves. This means that these animals are really only able to live in certain areas, while the generalist python can feed on countless foods and can deal with a fairly large range of temperatures.
Pandas in China and Koalas in Australia are similar because both are specialists.They wouldn't be able to live any place else in the world because of the type of food they eat bamboo and eucalyptus leaves both animals differ from a python because pythons are generalists and can live in many places.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because "China's panda eats almost nothing but bamboo" and "Australia's koala bear eat eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively." They both like to eat certain food. China's panda and Australia's koala are different from a python because pythons eat other animals. For example "a python swallowed an alligator,"
In the article it says that China's panda, "eat almost nothing but bamboo" and Australia's koala bear "eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively." They are similar because they both only eat a very small range of foods, they are specialists. The pythons is a generalist. It is different because it eats a huge range of animals, basically whatever is there and only needs the right climate, not the same food everywhere.
The pandas in china and the koalas in Australia are both "specialist" animals, that have a specific food supplie. They and both different from the pythons because can survive in more than one place.
Pandas in China are very similar to koalas in Australia. Both are specialists meaning that they can only eat & survive in certain climate and region. "A specialist is China's panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's koala bear,which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively." The python however, is the opposite of a specialist and falls under the category of generalist meaning the can adapt to changes.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialists. Both have particular eating conditions because they both stick to eating only one type of food. Pythons are different to pandas and koalas because they are generalists, and can live in a wider range of places successfully.
Pandas and koalas are different from pythons because they are specialists. Pandas almost exclusively eat bamboo, while koalas almost exclusively eats eucalyptus leaves. This means that these animals are really only able to live in certain areas, while the generalist python can feed on countless foods and can deal with a fairly large range of temperatures.
Pandas and koala bears both live in warm climates where the plants they eat, grow. Pandas eat bamboo and koala bears eat eucalyptus leaves. Bamboo and eucalyptus leaves are both plants. Pythons eat other animals, they are carnivores. Even though they can find their food anywhere, temperature is a limiting factor as to were they can live.
Panda's in China and koala's in Australia are similar because they are both specialists. Also a panda "eats nothing but bamboo" and a koala "eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively". They each only eat one plant. They are different from pythons because pythons are generalists and they are not quite as picky; they eat multiple things and other animals.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because both species eat only one plant almost exclusively. Pandas eat almost only bamboo, and koalas eat only eucalyptus leaves, so they are both specialists. They are both different from pythons because pythons are generalists, and can live in many places, unlike the specialist pandas and koala bears.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they both eat one type of food all the time. In the text it says "A specialist is China's panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's koala bear, which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively". They are both different from pythons because a phython will eat any thing it could eat. In the text it says "A python swallowed an alligator and-there's not a delicate way to put it-exploded".
Pandas and koalas are similar because they are both specialist. They both eat only one thing and they are different than pythons because the python eats a variety of food.
Pandas are similar to koalas because both these species greatly rely on their habitat for survival. like the article stated , these animals survive due t o a single food source, which is only abundant where they live. This is unlike the pythons, who can move due with what they have for example, Pythons in the everglades have been known to eat species that only live there, like the key Lorez wood rat and once in a while, even an alligator.
Pandas and koalas are both vegatarians that eat bamboo and/or eucalyptus. As a opposed to pythons that eat meat. Pandas and koalas are specialists and pythons are generalists.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar because they are specialists and only eat one food. They are both different from pythons because pythons are generalists. The python can live almost anywhere and eat a variety of things. Pandas can only eat, "nothing but bamboo", and koalas can only," eat eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively.
Pandas and koala bears are similar because they both seem to eat one thing only which is for example bamboo and for koalas eucalyptus leaves. Also they are both specialists. They are different from pythons because a python is a generalist and it can eat a variety of animals.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialists. A specialist is an animal that can't adapt well to new climates. "A panda eats almost nothing but bamboo and Australia's koala bear, which eats eucalyptus leaves all year".(2)These animals need a certain environment to get their certain food while a python is a generalist "who with the assistance of technology can live anywhere".(19)
China Panda's and koala bears are specialist because panda's eat almost nothing but bamboo & Australia koala bears eat nothing but eucalyptus leaves. However, pythons is a generalist and can eat just about anything anywhere unlike China panda's and Australia koala bears.
Pandas from China and koalas in Australia are both similar because they both eat plants. While pandas eats bamboo, koalas eat eucalyptus leaves. These both come from plants. They both are mammals which make them different from a python. A python eats other animals and pandas and koalas eat plants. Also, pandas and koalas are warm blooded and sakes are cold blooded.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they both are native from their country and are symbols of their country too. They also both only eat one thing exclusively panda: bambo & koalas; eucalyptus leaves. Their different from pythons because pythons eat other animals.
The article tells us that pandas and koalas are similar because they are both considered "specialists." This means there is only one place they can live well. Pythons however, are known as generalists" because as we can see from the article and the map showing the potential range, they just need a habitat similar to that of their Aisian homeland.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas. Both of these species can only eat basically one thing, bamboo in a pandas case and eucalyptus in a koalas case. Both species are specialists and cannot adapt all too well unlike pythons which are generalists and can adapt easier.
Pandas in China and Koalas in Australia are different from pythons because they need specific things to survive. The pandas eats almost nothing but bamboo and the Koala bear only eats eucalyptus leaves. This means that these animals are very exclusive. But a python can adapt almost where the climate is right. For example it can even adapt herein the U.S. The difference is that a python is a generalist and Koalas and Pandas are specialists.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar because they are both specialist. They both usually only eat one kind of food: bamboo for pandas and eucalyptus leaves for koalas. If these animals were taken from their food source chances are they would die. This is not like pythons, however pythons when given a mild to warm climate to live in, will adapt to the in surrounding and food would not a factor, As long as there are animals in their environment, pythons will have food. However pythons for the moment are not suitable fro colder climates.
Pandas are similar to koalas because both eat leaves almost exclusively, they're different to pythons because pythons eat anything. According to the text, ''A python swallowed an alligator .'' In other words, pandas and koalas are not something to really worry about unlike pythons.
Pandas in china are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialists. Like it says in the article, china's panda eats almost nothing but bamboo and Australia's koala bear eats eucalyptus leaves. These both are different from pythons because like the article says, pythons are a generalist.
As stated in the story, koalas and pandas are specialist species. Or species that can only live in one area because their main source of food can only be found there. They differ from pythons because pythons could live in a range of areas and still be able to hunt for food.
The pandas and the Koala bear are alike because they aren't eating people or other animals. Pandas eat bamboo and Koalas eat eucalyptus leaves, they are also alike because they are specialist. Pandas and Koalas are different from pythons because a python is a generalist and pythons are viewed as a threat to society they are dangerous and eat other animals and possibly humans.
Koalas and pandas are similar because they both only eat one type of food which is native to were they live, but pythons can adapt to different food sources making it easier for them to find food and survive.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar because they are both specialist species, they eat almost exclusively one food. They are different from a python which is a generalist and eats more than one type of food.
Pandas in China are similar to koala bears in Australia both are a native species and also both eat something in specific such as a panda eating bamboo or koala bear eating eucalyptus leaves. But, they are different because of the pythons spread across the remain in their country.
Pythons can adapt to many diverse climates. But pandas and koalas can only live in china and australia due to the plants they eat.
According to the article, Panda's and koala's have a very simple diet. In paragraph 21, the author explains that pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and koala bears only eat eucalyptus leaves. They are different from the python because pythons eat an assessment of different animals. Paragraph 14 said it ate an alligator.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they're both specialists. Pythons are generalists, pandas and koalas eat only one thing. Meanwhile pythons have a variety of things to eat from.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialist. The article states "A specialist is China's panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's koala bear, which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively" which shows they won't last long because once their food is gone they will have nothing left to eat but a python is a generalist and can adapt and last longer.
Pandas and Koalas are both specialists. Their food source is only found in their home place so adapting to other places would be extremely hard. Pythons on the other hand can adapt to anywhere because they can eat a lot of different things they have been adapting to the U.S.
Pandas in China eat only bamboo and koalas feed exclusively on eucalyptus trees in Australia. Both are specialists because they can only survive on one type of food. Pythons are generalists in contrast, because they can adapt to different food sources depending on their environment. The panda and koala are specialists while the pythons are generalists.
Both pandas and koalas are extreme specialists. The panda can only eat bamboo and the koala can only eat eucalyptus leaves. This means that they can not live in a lot of places. This is different from a python. A python is a generalist. There fore it can survive in a variety of places. It has several food sources such as the key largo wild rat or even alligators. Pythons can live in many places but koala and panda have special needs.
Both pandas and koalas eat only one thing. Pandas only eat bamboo and koalas only eat eucalyptus leaves. Pythons would probably eat any animal that it sees. An example from the article is ''in the Everglades in 2005 a python swallowed an alligator''
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialists, but both are different from pythons because they are generalists. Pandas and Koalas rely exclusively on only one food source to survive. Pandas eat bamboo and Koalas eat eucalyptus. Pythons can survive in region that have climate conditions similar than those of their homeland.
Pandas and koalas are very similar, they both have a strict diet. Pandas only eat bamboo, and koalas only eat eucalyptus leaves. In the way they are different to pythons. Pandas and koalas cannot survive in the US because of their diet but pythons will eat most small/medium creatures.
China's panda's eat bamboo and koalas in Australia eat eucalyptus leaves which are both plants. These specialists species are different from pythons which are generalists because they cannot survive anywhere in the world. These specialist need their warm climates while generalists can adapt.
The panda eats only bamboo, the koala eat eucalyptus, but the python however doesn't eat anything America needs. In fact the comparison is nothing alike. The panda and koalas eat resources people need. The python doesn't eat anything that is needed.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialist, they live in one certain place and eat one certain thing. On the other hand pandas are diffrent from pythons because pythons are a generalist species and can live almost half the US and eat almost anything.
Panda's in China and koala's in Australia are similar because they are both specialists. Also a panda "eats nothing but bamboo" and a koala "eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively". They each only eat one plant. They are different from pythons because pythons are generalists and they are not quite as picky; they eat multiple things and other animals.
Pandas and Koala's eats depend on one food source Panda's depends on bamboo. Koalas on eucalyptus. They are much different than python reason being is that pythons will eat anything that is meat.
Pandas in china are similar to koalas in Australia because they both eat nothing, but plants not other animals. Meanwhile,  there are pythons exploding because they try to eat alligators. These harbivors; pandas and koalas, are different from pythons because pythons eat animals and the panda and koala don't.
Pandas and koalas are both two specialists species. The panda constantly eats bamboo mainly found in China and koala's foods mainly consist of eucalyptus leaves. Therefore these two animals can only survive in these regions that fufill they're eating habbits. These two animals are different from pythons because based on the article pythons are capable of adjusting to their environments like they did after Huricane Andrew destroyed their homes.
The pandas in china and koalas in Australia are similer in the wcer that they both eat basically one thing for food. Unlike pythons that eat a variety of animals,rather than a specific plant.
Pandas in China care very similar to koalas in Australia, they're both a species of specialist. The article says that the pandas and koalas both eat exclusively, they pretty much live off one thing, what the different from pythons because pythons can live off a wide variety of things, like alligators to rats.
According to the article pandas in china eats nothing but bamboo and a koala in Australia eats nothing but eucalyptus leaves. They are similar because they both only eat one thing and they are specialists. They are different from pythons because the article states that along with rafcons, cockroachs and a white tailed deer is a generalist.
Pandas are similar to koalal because specialist. They mainly eat one food that keeps them alive. In if they were moved then they would most likely die. They are both different than a python because a python is a generalist. It can live in many different regions. In paragraph 15 it says that they have ability to inhabant 1/2 in the U.S.
Pandas and koalas are both similar because they can only survive in certain areas. As the author says, "China's panda which eats mostly but bamboo. Koala which eats eucalyptus," Both species are diffrent from the python, though because they can't easily adapt. The python can adapt and eat almost anything while the panda and koala can only eat one type of food.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they're both speciaslists. The two species only feed on particular foods found in their region and would not be able to adapt to different places. Both panadas and koalas are different from pythons because pythons are generalists and therefore able to survive in many different places and climates.
Panda from China are similar to Koalas from Australia because they are both example of specialist species. They live where they do because that is where they can survive. They are different from pythons because pythons are generalists, which means they can live many places. Another example of generalists is humans " who... can live anywhere from Florida... to outer space.
Pandas in China are similar to Koalas in Australia, because their both specialist and they both stick to one main food. Pandas rely on bamboo and Koalas rely on eucalyptus leaves. They are diff from pythons because pythons are all over the world while pandas and koalas are in one place, also because a python is a snake and a generalists, while pandas and koalas are not.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are specialist for their countries. They are both different from pythons because pythons are invasive species.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they both only eat spefic foods. As the article said pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and koala bears eat almost nothing but eucalyptus leaves. They are different from pythons because unlike pythons,mostly are restricted to live in one area, but to their diet.
Both China's panda and Australia's Koala bear are both specialists. "What favors specialist is stability." Both animals live almost exclusively on a single food source, bamboo and eucalyptus leaves respectively. They are both different than pythons because pythons are generalists, 'What generalists favor is change." Both the panda and koala bear eat an almost exclusive food source while pythons can eat a great variety, from crocodiles to the key large wood rat.
China's panda and Australia's koala bear are similar because they really don't each much. They are both vegetarian. In the article, it says China's pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and Australia's koala bear eats eucalyptus leaves. They are both different from pythons because pythons eat many of things. A python in the everglades on 2005 was caught eating a alligator.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they're both specialist species, they only eat a certain type of food in a specific area, but pythons are generalist species and can adapt themselves to eat anything.
Pandas and koalas are both specialists because they can survive in very specific habitats. They are different from pythons b/c pythons are generalists who can live in many different habitats successfuly.
Pandas are different from Australia's like China's panda eats almost nothing but bamboo and koala in Australia eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively.
Pandas in china and koalas in Australia are similar because they are both specialist. They both only eat one food which is mainly found in their homelands so it would be hard for them food just anywhere else but pythons, the articles says, they are a different story. As long as the climate is right, they can adjust and find food.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they mostly eat one thing. Both animals eat plants. In the article it says that pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo. Bamboo is a plant grown in Japan. Koalas, the article states eats eucalyptus almost exclusively. Another plant, but grown from trees.
China's panda and Australia's Koala are similar in that they are considered specialists species because of their exclusive diets, but also because they are not thought of as house pets. Both differ from the Pythons, Who snacks on rodents, birds, and the occasional alligator. Also, in the article the author says pythons were often kept as house pets.
A Panda from China almost eats nothing but bamboo, while the Koala bear from Australia eats eucalyptus leaves all the time. These two animals differ from python though as they have a certain food supply, while the python eats anything when it is hungry. I believe they want to show how animals differ with their food source availability.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they do not favor change a basically eat one food a day. They differ from the python because it can deal with change and eat almost any animals such as the crocodile. The python also differs because it can live anywhere throughout the world as long as the climate is right, when pandas and koalas need it to be similar to what their used too.
They are similar because they are specialist that eat only one thing each panda eats bamboo and koala who eats eucalyptus leaves. Therefore they can only live in that one area that have these plants. Unlike snakes who are generalists that can live almost anywhere in the world since they do not require such specific conditions.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they  both eat leaves and plants. They are not carnivors like pythons. According to the article it states " A specialist is China's panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves most exclusively. The quote already states pandas and koalas do not like meat.
Pandas are similar to koalas because they are both specialists. They have a very special diet, panda-bamboo and koala eucalyptus leaves, so they couldn't be able to adapt elsewhere. They are very different to pythons which are generalists. They can adapt to many surroundings and foods. Pythons will eat many things while pandas and koalas eat only one type of things.
Pandas in China only eat bamboo, koalas in Australia only eat eucalyptus leaves. So they need to stay in there native area, no for pythons they try to eat anything they can.
Pandas in China are like koalas in Australia because they are both considered "specialists" as they cannot naturally live anywhere else in the world aside from China or Australia respectively due to their specific diets of "nothing but bamboo" and "eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively". These two animals differ from pythons because pythons have proved to be "generalists" as they were brought in the U.S from Asia and were still able to survive on their own despite the new habitat.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they both eat one type of food all the time. In the text it says "A specialist is China's panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's koala bear, which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively". They are both different from pythons because a phython will eat any thing it could eat. In the text it says "A python swallowed an alligator and-there's not a delicate way to put it-exploded".
Pandas and koalas are a like because they only eat a certain type of food and a familiar to one region. Pythons however eat what can fit into their mouth and are spread over several different regions and are contng to spread endangered the southern U.S.A.
Koalas & Pandas are both animals that are becoming extinct. However, snakes are becoming overly popular. '...Hundreds of pythons out of the weeds" (p 11) this shows how many snakes there really are.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they are both specialists. As the article said, they eat only one kind of food, and live in only one place. This makes them different from pythons, which have proven themselves to be generalists, which were, originally from Asia. However, once introduced here, they can survive and thrive in the southern U.S.
Pandas in China and Koalas in Australia are similar because they are both made to live in the environment they are in. The pandas eat bamboo from China & the Koala eat eucalyptus leaves. According to the article, pandas & Koalas are specialists who differ from pythons who are generalists. Pythons need a certain environment to live in 4 food to eat which they can't get being kept as pets
Pandas and koala bears are similar because they are both bears. They live in different areas but could adapt to knew places if they wanted to pythons are reptiles and can't adapt to climates that are different than the ones they live in.
The panda and Koala are both similar creatures because they are both specialists who can live off of one thing. They are different from pythons because pythons are generalists and can live off of eating many different foods.
The pandas in China and koalas of Australia are similar because they are both specialists. Being a specialist, they do not like change and would rather stick to a more stable environment. Both creatures depend in mainly one food source. The pandas consume only bamboo while koalas, eat eucalyptus leaves.
Pandas in China are the same as koalas in Australia because there both from the same species of animals. Pythons are different because there reptiles. In the article it says, "the reptile trade is becoming showing that pythons are reptiles, and I know pandas are not.
A Panda from China is similar to a Koala because they both really on one food source. In the article it mentions that Panda's only eat bamboo and a Koala "eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively" so they are different from pythons because they can only survive in certain areas because their diet consist of one food source while the python, being a generalist, can adapt to multiple environments because its diet varies.
From the story it says. China's panda eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's Koala bear, which eats eucalyptus leaves exclusively. These two animals are different from pythons because they eat leaves all the time and pythons only eat meat. Pythons can not adapt to any environment because of the climate and how they eat. A panda and Koala can because they only eat leaves.
China's panda and Australia's koala bear both only eat plants. The pandas eat bamboo and the koala bear eats only eucalyptus leaves. Unlike these two animals a python will eat anything it can fit it's mouth around or at least attempt to. A python will eat anything from a key largo wood rat to a common house pet. In the Everglades in a very rare case a python attempted to eat a alligator and exploded. Pythons are a danger to other species unlike pandas and koala bears who only eat plants.
Pandas in China stick with one type of food, bamboo. The koala in Australia sticks with one type of food too, eucalyptus leaves. A python, on the other hand is not picky. In fact there is a picture that is mentioned in this article " A python swallowed an alligator".
A panda from china and a koala from Australia are very simmilar because they are both specialists. Panda's only eat bamboo and koalas exclusively eat eucalyptus leaves.This shows that they are unable to adopt , unlike a python whose habitat in Asia is simmilar to those in about a third of the continental united states.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they both are vegetarians, they don't eat meat. Their both different from pythons because pandas and koalas are both furry and pythons have scales on them.
Both Pandas and Koalas are defined as specialist species, while pythons are defined as general species. What makes them different is their ability to adapt. "The Ultimate generalist is/arguably, a human being, who with the assistance of technology can live anywhere." (Achenbech) The author included the fact to help the reader understand genera and specialist species. The panda and Koala are similar because they only eat a certain thing and and the only in one habitat, while the pythons lives mostly anywhere.
The pandas from china is similar from the koalas from Australia because the both eat from plants such as bamboo and eucalyptus leaves.They are different from pythons becaus they could put a whole thing in their mouth like a alligator and just eat it.
Pandas and koalas are different from pythons because of what they eat. Pythons can eat almost anything, and they will eat anything as long as they get their food. Pandas "eats almost nothing but bamboo" (Achenbach). And koalas only eats eucalyptus leaves. They are similar because they only eat one type of food.
Pandas and koalas are both specialist species and only eat, one type of food. They are different from pythons because pythons are generalists and eat a verity of food.
Both pandas and koalas are specialist species. According to the articles they each have specific diets. Pandas mostly eat just bamboo, and koalas generally only eat eucalyptus leaves. In contrast, pythons are of a generalist species, since they have a much more varied diet and climate tolerance. As a result, pythons and other generalist species thrive in this day and age.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they eat nothing but one particular plant. Pandas eat nothing but bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves. They are specialist and pythons are generalist.
Both Pandas and Koalas are alike because they will only eat certain foods. Pandas will only eat bamboo and Koalas will only eat eucalyptus leaves this makes both animals specialists. They differ from Pythons because pythons unlike Pandas or Koalas, will eat anything even a alligator.
According to the article a specialist such as china's panda or Koala, specifically need resources from their environment, or would fail to survive. The panda needs to eat its bamboo and the koala needs to eat its eucalyptus leaves. However, the article also claims that pythons are generalists. just like humans. As long as they are around humans they will survive better.
China's pandas are similar to Australia's koalas because they are both different than pythons because first, pythons are generalists. Pandas basically only eat bamboo and koalas can eat only eucalyptus leaves. Pythons and other generalists can eat about anything.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialists species. As said in the article, they are exclusive in what they eat. They are both different from pythons because a python can eat many different things, which the pandas almost only eat bamboo and the koalas eat almost only eucalyptus leaves.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because . They are also different from pythons because of the weather climate that pandas and koalas live in.
Pandas and koala bears are similar because they both seem to eat one thing only which is for example bamboo and for koalas eucalyptus leaves. Also they are both specialists. They are different from pythons because a python is a generalist and it can eat a variety of animals.
Pandas in china are similar to koala bears in Australia because they are both specialists. They both have only eats one type of food. Koalas and pandas are both different from pythons have many different places they live in the world. Python are generalists.
Pandas and koalas are similar animals, although a python is completely different. Both pandas and koalas are specialist animals, this means they have to live in a certain climate and eat certain foods to survive. They differ from pythons because pythons because pythons are generalist animals, which means it has a more general food source. Overall koalas and pandas differ from pythons.
Pandas & koalas are similar because they are both specialist species. This is shown by ''A specialist is China's panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's koala bear, which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively.'' They are different from pythons because neither of them eat meat and also pythons are generalist species.
Pandas are similar to koalas because they both only eat one type of plant, like it said in the story pandas eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively. They are both different from pythons because they don't eat meet.
Pandas in China and Koalas in Australia are similar because they are able to survive on a one type of food. As stated in the article that pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and Australia's koala bears that eats eucalyptus leaves exclusively. Both of the bears are different from pythons because pythons eat animals that could be endangered while koalas and pandas eat only leaves.
Pandas and Koalas are specialist. They do not cope well with because they eat only one type of food. Pythons are generalists. They can adapt to many different areas of the world because they eat many different types of food.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they mostly eat only one food. "A specialist is China's panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's koala bear, which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively". They are both different from a python because a python will eat anything which is a generalist.
Pandas in China, as well as Australian koalas differ from pythons because they are both specialists, and the python is a generalist. Generalists have a much easier time surviving because they are able to adapt much easier. The Chinese panda, "... eats almost nothing but bamboo, ]and] Australia's koala bear ...eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively". These animals adapt like the python can and there more have more rise for survival.
Pandas are similar to koalas because both are because both are exclusive to their own habitats, and both animals have strict dids. They are different from pythons because pythons live in many places, and they eat a large variety of food. An example of this was when the python ate the alligator.
Pandas are similar to koalas because they are both specialists. For example bamboo is to pandas as eucalyptus leaves is to koalas. These two species are different from snakes since a snake is a generalist species. Snakes are generalists because they can adapt to many different locations where as pandas are stuck on China and koalas are in Australia.
Both koalas in Australia and pandas in China are similar because they are specialists; they can only survive with specific organisms and environment. MacInnes said, " what favors specialists is stability", implying that they are only suited to specific things, pandas eat nothing but bamboo and koalas eat "eucalyptus almost exclusively". The Burmese python living in the wild is now found in the U.S.
Pandas and koalas are specialists as they only eat bamboo and eucalyptus respectively. They are both very  adorable compared to the pythons. Pythons are generalists, as they can adapt to most environments. They can find food almost anywhere they inhabit.
Australian koalas and Chinese pandas seem a world apart. But in their defining characteristics, they are very similar. A koala, "eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively" and the panda, "eats almost nothing but bamboo". Both species are specialists- they have adapted to certain conditions & havea hard time with change. By contrast, the python is a generalist. It can live in a huge range of areas & snack on everything from "wood rats" to alligator, though the latter sometimes make them explode. Change as goes on now, favors the generalist.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both furry mamals. Both of these are different from pythons because they aren't reptiles like the python and are warm blooded, not cold like the pythons.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialists, meaning they can only survive with very specific conditions and ''what favors specialist is stability.'' Pandas are specialists because they pretty much only eat bamboo, which grows in China, likewise the koala bear only eats eucalyptus leaves, which are is Australia. Pythons are different because they are generalist, meaning they can survive different conditions.
China's panda and Australia's koala are similar because they eat the same thing constintly. The article states "A specialist is Chinas panda which eats nothing but bamboo or Australia's koala which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively" The difference betweens these two animals and a python are that pythons eat anything they can swallow.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they both are vegatarians and they both only eat on thing so that how they similar and pythons are carnivores so they eat meat and they dont have feet like pandas and koalas.
The pandas in China and the koala's in Australia both are specialists because of the limited diet they have unlike the python who will attempt to eat almost anything. For example, when it said that the python ate an alligator. Most animals have a routine diet.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar because they are both specialists. Pandas only eat bamboo, and koalas only eat eucalyptus leaves. These animals are different from pythons because pythons are generalists, pythons are able to adapt to new environments, such as those of southern USA. Specialists, however, unlike generalists cant adapt to new environments because they rely on something only in their environments.
Panda's in China and koalas in Australia are similar in that they can only adapt in specific places where their food is. According to the article, pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and koalas eats eucalyptus leaves, white lizards and reptiles can live in s wide variety of places where their climate is. They can eat a wide variety of food. This sepacates pandas and koalas to be specialist and reptiles to be generalists.
China's panda eat nothing but simple bamboo as Australia's koalas bears eats eucalyptus leaves. They both eat a certain thing and stick to it. Unlike the python it will eat anything in it's area an example could be the crocodile. They get along best with humans than pythons.
Both the pandas in China and the koalas in Australia are very similar. Pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo, so they are not harmful. Just like the pandas koalas eat almost nothing but eucalyptus leaves. Yet both of these animals are extremly different from a python. Pythons eat almost everything and are extremly harmful.
The author explained how panda's in China eats almost nothing but bamboo which means that he is harmful. And Australias Koala bear eats eucalyptus leaves and us' also not harmful like the panda. But pythons are animals that are harmful and that will eat a crocodile if they wanted to.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because pandas eat almost nothing except bamboo and the koala bear eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively. They are both different from pythons because a python will eat pretty much anything big or small, live or dead, as long as they have something to eat they're pleased, koalas and pandas don't have a wide variety of food like the python.
Pandas in  China are similar to koalas in Australia because their both specialists animals. The panda eats almost nothing but bamboo and the koala almost nothing but eucalyptus leaves. These animals are different from the python because the python is a generalist animal. Arguably this animal can live anywhere and can eat a variety of things.
Pandas and koalas are similar,because they are both specialists which means that they eat they same food all of the time.They are both different from the python because they are less when to attack a human for example and both are.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia by they are both specialist animals, wich means they favor stability over change. "China's panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively. Pythons are generalist who pefer change. "The ultimate generalist is anguably a human beign, who with the assistane of technolgy can live anywhere".
Pandas and koalas are specialist species. They specify to one type of substance that is crucial to their survival that without they could possibility die. The python is a generalist species, meaning that they have a larger range of adaptation. This means  they can survive on more than one food source like different types of rodent rather than specifically one and one only.
Pandas and koala are specialist which means that they eat almost one kind of food. It states this in the article when it says ''almost nothing but almost exclusively'' in paragraph 21 talking about food. Different from pythons because pythons are ''generalist'' more abundant and eat more than one thing and living in different area.
Panda bears in China and koala bears in Australia are both different from snakes because they don't understand each other and fuzzy warm they don't slither, the expiriment was a mark but still.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both indangered species they are both different from the snake because the snake has many of it's kinds around the world.
China's panda is considered a specialist because all it does is eat bamboo. Because of its lack of variety of food it is similar to koalas who only eat a specific leaf called eucalyptus leaves. Pythons on the other hand move around land and populate in different spots as well as eat a variety of different foods. They eat; just about any meat they can find or fit in their mouths.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are specialists. Meaning they eat nothing else, but bamboo or eucalyptus  leaves: That is to say they are different from pythons because in the article it says, " a python swallowed an alligator. " Emphasizing it is harder for them to adapt to certain conditions.
Pandas in China and Koalas in Australia are similar because, they both mostly eat leaves. Pythons are different than pandas and Koalas because pythons need to eat more than just leaves all day.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they basically need 1 food source to survive unlike pythons who need more than 1 thing to survive.
Pandas and koalas are similar because both eat almost one food. "...China's panda, which eats almost nothing than bamboo. Koalas bear... eats leavs." They are both very different from pythons because of what they eat pythons eat a lot of them. "A python swallowed an alligator..." This shows how pythons eat almost an thing while panda and koalas won't.
Koalas and pandas are similar because they are both harmless. "Panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo or Australia's koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves...". Since they don't press danger to people they are similar and also different from pythons. Pythons eat anything like when "a python swallowed an alligator and...exploded". This is how koalas and pandas are similar and differ from pythons.
According to the article it says, "A specialist is China's Panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's Koala bear, which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively. "This shows that both animals are specialists and they eat food that come from plants. The China Panda and Koala bear are different from a python because in the article it says that pythons eats other native species and they are generalists animals. But the Koala and China Panda are specialist animals and they eat plants like bamboo and leaves.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are different because the China pandas eats nothing but bamboo. the Australia koala eat eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively. There similar because most species are abundant and they do very good around humans.
Panda in China and koalas in Australia are similar because they are both specialist. Pandas can only eat bamboo and koalas can only eat eucalyptis. This makes it hard for the m to survive anywhere else. They are different form pythons because pythons are generalist. Pythons can eat, really anything and live anywhere making survival easy.
The pandas in China are similar to the koalas in Australia because they can only live in a certain environment and only eat certain food, it says in the article pandas can only eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus. Whereas, a python can adapt to any environment it is put in and it is able to eat anything.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are both specialists; both species eat only a certain plant. The pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and the koalas only eat eucalyptus leaves. Those two animals are different from pythons because pythons are generalists, which means that they can adapt to almost any also where as specialists cannot.
The similarities between pandas and koalas is they don't eat meat. Pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves. The difference bettween koalas and pandas is pythons eat meet and above any kind. It has been seen, that a python eat a aligater, which neather a panda or koala could do.
Pandas of China are like koalas in Australia because they both are very reliant on one source for food, bamboo for pandas and eucalyptus leaves for koalas. Pythons in contrast, and eat a variety of things which makes it a generalist, while pandas and koalas are specialist.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they mostly eat only one food. "A specialist is China's panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's koala bear, which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively". They are both different from a python because a python will eat anything which is a generalist.
They are both similar because they both only eat one thing. Pandas only eat bamboo and koalas era eucalyptus leaves. A python will eat anything. In 2005 a python swallowed an alligator. It exploded, but it still tried to eat it. They eat only meat while the koala and panda do not eat only meat. As long as a python is hungry enough it will clearly resort to any food source.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because both animals eat plants, but not the same type of it. I say this because in the article it says " China's panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or koala which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves." It.
Pandas and the koalas both are herbivores, while the python is a carnivore.
Like the koala bear in Australia, one pandas in China have a diet of one food and one food only. Pandas only eat bamboo, and koalas bears feed to only eat leaves he stated in paragraph 21. Both animals are different from a python, who eats a variety of other living creatures.
Both pandas and koalas are similar because they both only eat 1 thing , bamboo and eucalyptus leaves. You can only find these items in certain places. But they are different to pythons because they eat living things such as mice, and you can find mice everywhere.
Pandas and koalas are both specialist animals. They only eat strictly certain foods such as bamboo and eucalyptus leaves. Compared to a generalist python that is easier to adapt to new food and enviornments.
Pandas in china and koalas in Australia are similar in the way that they only eat things that come from their natural habitat, they are different from the python because the python can live in other places and adapt to the food resources that come from there.
Pandas and koalas are both similar due to the fact that they both eat certain foods almost exclusively. In paragraph 21 it states that pandas eat "almost nothing but bamboo," while koalas eat " eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively" These animals are both different to pythons as pythons are "generalist" and can eat nearly anything.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they're both specialists. They both can only eat one type of food. Pythons can eat anything, as long as they're living in an environment that is suitable for  them.
Pandas in China are like koalas in Australia because they are herbivores and only eat one thing, pandas eat bamboo and koalas only eat eucalyptus leaves. Pythons on the other hand are carnivores and will eat almost anything moving.
The panda and the koala bear are both specialist because they only eat one thing but a a python differs from a koala or a panda because it's a generlist so it eats more than one thing and there an abundance of their speices.
Pandas and koalas are both considered specialists whereas pythons are generalists. Pandas can only eat bamboo and koala bears mostly eat eucalyptus leaves. On the other hand a python can eat many different things and has many more options.
Animals have been divided into two sections; specialists and generalists. Robray MacInnes distinguishes between the the two by saying that generalists favor change and specialists favor stability. The Chinese panda and the Australian koala are two specialist species. They rely on one exclusive food source. The python, a generalist, is extremely adaptive and is not roled to one single food supply.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they only eat one type of food. Pandas only eat bamboo and koalas only eat eucalyptus leaves. They are both different from pythons because pythons can eat just about anything because when it went to a new habitat, it didn't die. This is because it didn't need food it had from old habitat to survive.
Pandas in China and koalas from Australia are similar because they are specialist and only eat exclusive things like, bamboo or for a koala eucalyptus trees. These animals differ from pythons because they are generalist species that have become more abaunt and do better around humans.
China's panda and Australia's koala bear are both called "specialists" in the article "One man's pet, Another's Invasive species" by Joel Achenbach. They both have limited diets, mainly eating 1 food, for the panda it's bamboo and for the koala it's eucalyptus leaves. These animals differ from the python because it is called a "generalist" and the python is carnivorous and can eat anything.
China Panda's and koala bears are specialist because panda's eat almost nothing but bamboo & Australia koala bears eat nothing but eucalyptus leaves. However, pythons is a generalist and can eat just about anything anywhere unlike China panda's and Australia koala bears.
The China's panda and australia's koala bear are both specialists. They both eat a specific food. The panda eats almost nothing but panda. And bear "eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively." The python is a generalist which means it can adapt to different types of food; that also makes the python less stable i like the specialists.
Panda's in china are similar to koalas bears in Australia in a way because  they are both specialists.This means that they have to be in an environment that supports their specific needs, lik an abudance of bamboo or eucalyptus. Python are different because, as generalist, the can thrive in many similar environments.
Pandas in China are very similar to koalas in Australia because panda bears eat's nothing but bamboo, and koala bears eat eucalyptus . They are both different from pythons because pythons can swallow an alligator.
Panda bears and koala bears are similar because they both eat one specific thing. Panda bears eat bamboo and koala bears eat eucalyptus leaves. They are both different from pythons because seem toeat meat substances. He one ate a alligator. They eat things that take them linger to swallow and break it down than koala & panda bears.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they both have a food source that of which they eat nothing but. They differ from pythons because pythons are generalists and can live anywhere.
Panda's and koalas are both specialists. That means they can not adapt well because they only eat pretty much one thing such as bamboo or eucalyptus leaves. Pythons however can adapt  and find food, and are therefore generalists. An example of a python adapting is in Florida, where they can eat Key Largo wood rats and other species.
China's panda Australia's koala are similar as they are both considered as specialists. The article states that both animals eat a certain food present only in their native environment.
Panadas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they mainly only eat one type of food. They differ from pythons because a python is a generalist, who can live anywhere. In the article it states "... who with the assistance of technology can live anywhere from Florida to Antartic to outerspace.." This shows that pythons can really go anywhere and panadas and koalas are limited.
Pandas in china are similar to koalas in Australia because they both belong to the specialist group,due to their very limited diet and inability to adapt to most places.This contrasts them from pythons because pythons can adapt to most environments due to the variety of food they eat.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia in the same  that they are both specialist species. This meaning that they generally only eat one type of food, as described in paragraph 21. They both differ from a python because a python is able to move easily adapt to several different foods because it is a generalist species.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are both specialists; both species eat only a certain plant. The pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and the koalas only eat eucalyptus leaves. Those two animals are different from pythons because pythons are generalists, which means that they can adapt to almost any also where as specialists cannot.
Koalas and pandas are both specialist animals that only eat a cenant type of plant. Well a python is a generalist and eats any thing that is isining and small enough.
Pandas and koalas are both specialist species. They both could not naturally survive outside of their habitats because they only eat things that are native to China or Australia. Pythons can survive in many places because their bodies were made to eat a variety of animals.
China's panda eats nothing but bamboo, Australia's koala bear that eats eucalyptus. The python would try to eat anything that it thinks its able to to eat.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they eat almost nothing, they eat leaves, bamboo, etc. They don't harm other wildlife animals. Pythons eat wild life animals. Pandas and koalas are better for the environment. In the article it says "pandas which eat almost nothing". The difference is habitat, and what they prey on.
According to the article, both pandas from China and koalas from Australia are similar because they are both specialists. This means they are both dependent selective food source. On the other hand, the article describes pythons as generalists because they could live almost anywhere in the world, have they the opportunity to. This is how pandas and koalas are alike and different from pythons, because they are specialists and are generalists as the article says in paragraph 20 - 21.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialists that need specific things to survive. For example, pandas only eat bamboo and koalas only eat eucalyptus leaves. These are different pythons because pythons are generalists that can easily adapt to other areas as long as there is a similar climate. They are not limited on food like pandas and koalas are.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are both specialist animals they are both adapied to one habitat. The article explains that China's panda eats almost nothing but bamboo" and that koalas in Australia eat eucalyptus leaves "almost exclusively." They differ from pythons because the python is a generalist, which is an animal that can live and adapt to almost anywhere.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia, are specialist animals; they live in the places they do because it has the food it needs to survive. Pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo, and the koala eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively. They need these specific things to survive. The python however is a generalist it can live anywhere because its able to adapt to its surroundings.
A panda and a koala bear are similar because they pretty much each only one specific thing. Where as the python eats just about everything.
Pandas and Australia's koala bears are similar. In the way that they both just eat mainly one type of plant. Unlike pandas and koala bears. The python eats many other things. That makes it a possible invasive species.
China's panda and Australia's koala are similar in that they have very specific food needs whether it is "nothing but bamboo" or "eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively." The two are both different from pythons in that pythons are generalist animals and both pandas and koalas are specialist animals.
Panda's and kolas are similar by both eating certain foods like bamboo and eucalyptus leaves and thats how they are both specialist. Unlike the python who is a generalist who can live anywhere because food is abundant. Theres only certain places pandas and kolas can live but as pythons begin to expand they live everywhere.
They both are different from pythons; one they can live in any conditions while pythons need to stay close to the Equator. For and pandas and koalas mostly eat leaves and stuff like that. But pythons eat other animals.
Pandas are similar to koalas Australia because they both rely on one food source. Pandas can only survive on their bamboo while koalas can only survive on their eucalyptus leaves. They differ from pythons because pythons can eat a wide range of food so it is able to live in other places of the world other than its native country.
The ultimate generalist is, arguably, a human being, who with the assistance of technology can live anywhere, from Florida to Antarctica to outer space. I think panda and koalas was same specie. They were spread then appear similar species.
Pandas in China eat basically only bamboo and koalas in Australia basically only eat eucalyptus leaves. There fore it is hard for them to live in any other and find or environmental. Unlike the python which they dont have a problem with migrating and adapting in other environments.
Pandas in China and Koalas in Australia are both specialist species and "what favors specialists is stability"(5). Both species rely on specific conditions such as climate and food sources which restrict them from living anywhere else. On the other hand pythons are generalist species that have an easier time adapting to new conditions and habitats.
Pandas in china and koalas in Australia are different from pythons because in china's panda, which eats almost nothing besides bamboo's and Australia koalas bear which only eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively.
Pandas in china and koalas in Australia are similar because they are both specialists. They exclusively eat one kind of food source. Pandas only eat bamboo and koals eat only eucalyptus leaves. They are different from pythons because a python is a generalist. It can eat a wide range of food sources.
As the article states, Pandas and koala's are specialist species which means the rely on one thing for survival. The pandas eat bamboo and the koala eats eucalyptus leaves whereas, pythons can eat anything from rats to alligators.
Pandas in China & koalas in Australia are similar b/c they both depend on their environment to survive. pandas consume bamboo which grows naturally only in China. Koalas only eats eucalyptus leaves which grow natural in Australia. They are both different than pythons b/c pythons can eat anything they can; they don't rely on one food source that is common where they live. They can go anywhere and eat anything.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia becaues pandas eats almost nothing but bamboo and koala bears eat eucalyptus leaves. The panda and koala bears are different from pythons because in the story the author said in 2005 a python swallowed an alligator. They are diffrent because a python eats what animals, and the panda & koala eat leaves and bamboo.
Panda's and koala's have similar ways to animals life. There both bears that live in the same enviroment, but theses two animals are much different to a python. In paragraph 14 it says "A python swallowed an alligator and there not a delicate way to put it - exploded. Python are wild species that can eat anything when panda's only eat bamboo and koala's eat eucalyptus.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are specialists. Meaning they eat nothing else, but bamboo or eucalyptus  leaves: That is to say they are different from pythons because in the article it says, " a python swallowed an alligator. " Emphasizing it is harder for them to adapt to certain conditions.
According to the article pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar because they're both specialist, they're endangered, they're both different than a python because pythons are generalist creatures.
The pandas in China only eat bamboo and the koalas in Australia mainly eat eucalyptus leaves while pythons are adapting to new environment and eating what ever comes a long. The difference between the animals and the reptiles are that the koalas and pandas are not spreading and adapting to different environments while the pythons are.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they only eat one type of food. Pandas only eat bamboo and koalas only eat eucalyptus leaves. They are both different from pythons because pythons can eat just about anything because when it went to a new habitat, it didn't die. This is because it didn't need food it had from old habitat to survive.
Pandas and koalas are different from pythons because they are both specialist animals that only eat one kind of food. A python is is a generalist animal that can "live anywhere", but pandas eat "almost nothing but bamboo" and koalas only eat eucalyptus so they are specialists that can only live in certain environments that meet their needs. Th difference is that pandas and koalas are specialists who can only live in certain places and pythons are generalists.
Panda's in China are similar to koala bear in Australia because they eat natural things like bamboo and leaves. Where as pythons have been known to swallow an alligator. There diets are just completely different.
Koalas are similar to pandas because they are both specialists meaning they need a specific diet and would not last long in other parts of the world. They are both different from pythons because pythons are generalists and can live in a multitude of places.
China's panda is considered a specialist because all it does is eat bamboo. Because of its lack of variety of food it is similar to koalas who only eat a specific leaf called eucalyptus leaves. Pythons on the other hand move around land and populate in different spots as well as eat a variety of different foods. They eat; just about any meat they can find or fit in their mouths.
Pandas in China are different from koalas in Australia because panda's eat bamboo and koalas eat grass back of trees and barries. The panda and koalas of different from a python because panda, and koalas are harvabores, and the python is a canovor.
Pandas in China are similar to Koalas in Australia is that they are both specialist that eat almost nothing except plants. Meanwhile a python which is a generalist is a carnivorous animal. For example, in the article it talks about how a python had tried swallowed a crocodile but instead exploded.
Pandas and koalas are both similar because they are specialists or only eat a very limited variety in foods. Pythons on the other hand are generalists which means they are less picky in their food choices. Pythons can adapt to many different environment and eat a variety of foods.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are both specialists while pythons are generalists. Pandas and koalas are also similar in the fact that they eat one thing, almost exclusively pandas eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves. Pythons, on the other hand, eat a variety of food; rats, other rodents, and even tried to eat an alligator, but it exploded in the process. Pandas and koalas also are confined to one part of the world, while pythons are now in many.
Panda's in China and koala's in Austria are different from pythons because the story says, "A specialist is China's panda wich eats almost nothing but bamboo.."(P 21) This quote show pandas eat nothing but bamboo and stay in China pythons move around and eat different things.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas. Both of these species can only eat basically one thing, bamboo in a pandas case and eucalyptus in a koalas case. Both species are specialists and cannot adapt all too well unlike pythons which are generalists and can adapt easier.
Pandas are koalas are both specialists meaning they have very little range if food they eat. For instance, panda eat mainly bamboo and koalas eat mainly eucalyptus which native to their homeland of China and Australia respectively pythons are generalists meaning that they can adapt to most living conditions.This is the main focus of paragraph 19 through 21.
Koalas live only in Australia and eat the eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively and the panda lives in China and eats almost nothing but bamboo. The pythons though are addapting all over the U.S to different environment unlike the animals above.
Pandas and koalas are both described in this article as ''specialist'' species meaning they need very specific aspects of their lives to be fulfilled in order to survive. An example of this is the panda eating nothing but bamboo. Both the panda and koalas differ from pythons because pythons are ''generalists'', not ''specialist''. Pythons can live in a wider variety of places and eat a vast selection of  prey, where as the panda and koala cannot.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are born specialists. They both like stability, unlike the python these animals are different than pythons because pythons are generalists. Generalists like change and can live almost everywhere. Specialists such as panda and koala cannot.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia in the way they both eat almost nothing but one plant. Pandas eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus. The panda and koala differ from pythons because pythons eat mostly other animal. As the article said, snakes are endangering five species in Florida keys.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialists. They both only eat one thing, pandas eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus. Both of them are almost extinct. Koalas & pandas differ from pythons because a python is a generalist & pandas and koalas are specialists.
Pandas in China are similar to Koalas in Australia because both animals do best around humans. But, they are both different from pythons because the pythons are less well inspectat  or supported then panda and the Koala.
Pandas and koalas are both specialists. They aren't spreading around the world and are different from pythons because pythons are dangerous and spreading. "A specialist is China's panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo." (5). This tells us pandas can't adapt to other places like pythons.
Both the Chinese pandas and Australia koalas are specialists. Pythons are generalist. Chinese pandas can eat only bamboo while Australian koalas eat only eucalyptus too. Pythons are capable of eating a bigger diversity and pythons often do best in and around human. Generalists are more capable of adapting to change in diet and environment thus making them more able to survive and reproduce more effectively.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialist. The article further explains by saying, "China's panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo" & later stating, "Australia's koala bear, which eats eucalyptus leaves". They differ from pythons because pythons are generalists.
China's Panda is similar to Australia's Koala because they both only live on one main food. The panda mainly eats bamboo as the Koala maily eat eucalyptus leaves. These 2 animals differ from pythons because they are considered specialists as pythons are generalists. A specialist can only live in one place where as a generalist can live almost anywhere.
China's pandas and Australia's koalas are similar because they both don't eat a very wide variety of food. Panda's eat nothing but bamboo and koala bears eat eucalyptus leaves rarely. In order for generalists (pandas and koala bears) to survive they need change, they need to move to a different habitat and eat different things. But the specialists (snakes) can remain in the same environment.
Pandas in China are similar to Koalas in Australia is that they are both specialist that eat almost nothing except plants. Meanwhile a python which is a generalist is a carnivorous animal. For example, in the article it talks about how a python had tried swallowed a crocodile but instead exploded.
In China and Australia specialist mostly eat things like bamboo or even eucalyptus, which it's as dangerous as putting a python.
Pandas in China and Koalas in Australia are similar because they are both specialist animals,which  means that they eat, almost exclusively, one specific type of food and can only live in one area. Whereas, pythons have a much larger diet and con eat almost anything. Therefore, they can live in many areas and are called generalists.
Pandas only eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves. They only eat one thing, when pythons eat everything from "rats" to "aligators".
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialists, meaning they only survive off of  eating one thing, such as bamboo or eucalyptus leaves. However they differ from pythons because pythons are generalists, meaning that with ''the assistance of technology they can live anywhere from Florida to Antarctica to outer spaces.''
China's panda, and Australia's koala bear are similar because they both survive on one type of food. They are different from pythons because pythons feed on mice and rodents, and different types of animals so they can survive.
Both China's pandas and Australia's koala bears are specialists. these two animals cannot really adapt  to any environment too easily. The article state  that the panda eats almost nothing but bamboo and the koala bear eats eucalyptus leaves exclusively. These two animals are different than pythons who, according to the article, are generalists and can adapt to almost any environment.
Koala bears and pandas are very much alike. They both have big population in their countries and they only eat bamboo or eucalyptus leaves. They are both different from pythons because pythons eat other animals and can be dangerous. Also, pythons can sometimes be kept as pets.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are unlike pythons because pandas and koalas need extremely specific thing to live such as eating nearly only bamboo or eucalyptus leaves. They have a had time adapting to new places. The needs of pythons are different because they are a generalist species and can live almost anywhere with the right materials, which can be found in most places on earth, where as the panda & koala need specific things that are found in only one area.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are very similar to each other in many ways. For example the panda eats bamboo and basicly nothing else as the same for the koala but they eat eucalyptus leaves. Both eat one type of food and stay with it unlike python that can eat anything and everytime. What I men is it can eat a rat the next time it can eat a crocodile or another python.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they both only eat plants. Panda bears eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves. They are both different from pythons because pythons eat meat and harm people but pandas and koalas eat nothing but their plants.
Pandas are similar to koalas because they are both bears and have similar diets. They are both different from the pythons because they are not even close to the some spices.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they both just eat bamboo and eucalyptus leave all day as it says on page 5. This differs from a python because they eat meat can possibly hurt someone.
China's panda and Australia's koala are similar because they are both specialists that eat one main source of food. A python, on the other hand, is a generalist, meaning it is a good adapted. The pyton is different from the panda or koala because it survives better with humans. "... the species that have become most abundant are often have that, and can not around humans.
Pandas in China and Koalas in Australia are similar because they are both specialist species. This means that they can only survive in one type of habitat, because for example the panda only eats bamboo and the Koala only eats eucalyptus leaves the python, however is a generalist species. So it can live in a wide variety of places, such as Asia and the U.S.
The Chinese panda and Australian koalas are similar species. They are both specialist animals, and they both have something in ther homeland which need to survive that desert grow anywhere else. Python are a generalist species so they can adapt to places that are not ther homeland.
As the article states, Pandas and koala's are specialist species which means the rely on one thing for survival. The pandas eat bamboo and the koala eats eucalyptus leaves whereas, pythons can eat anything from rats to alligators.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are both specialists. Both of these single out one type of food and only eat that. They are different from a python because pythons are generalists. Pythons are more dangerous and eat almost anything. It can live in different cultures and climates than the specialists.
China's Pandas bear will and can only eat bamboo leaves and the Koala can basically the plant. These two are confined to where those plants are. Pythons can eat all types of food and can adapt fast like how they can eat alligators.
Pandas in China are similar to Koalas in Australia because both animals do not eat a variety of foods." China Panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo or Australia's Koala bears, which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively." These animals are different from pythons because snakes will eat almost any thing, including alligator.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialists. A specialist is an animal that can't adapt well to new climates. "A panda eats almost nothing but bamboo and Australia's koala bear, which eats eucalyptus leaves all year".(2)These animals need a certain environment to get their certain food while a python is a generalist "who with the assistance of technology can live anywhere".(19)
They are both dangerous but dont look it and the difference is the python isn't dangerous but looks it.
Pandas in China are similar to Koalas in Australia, because they are both classified as specialists, and eat really only one thing. In contrast, pythons are different from both catirely, because they are classified as generalist who can live anywhere and eat anything.
Panda's and koala's are similar in nature because they both feed off of mostly one food source, for panda's its bamboo and eucalyptus leaves for the koala but they are different from the python because they can only survive in the habitat that has that certain food.
According to the article, pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia and different from pythons because pandas and koalas are specialist species, that is, they live only in a certain place that provides them with the only type of food they eat. In contrast, pythons are a generalist species who can live in many places.
A Chinese panda is similar to an Australian koala because they both eat food that humans don't eat. The panda eats bamboo and the koala eats eucalyptus leaves. They differ from pythons because pythons eat rats and other animals. Skip Snow said, "Everglades 2005: python swallowed an alligator" which means it could attack humans!.
Pandas and koalas have alot more in common that meets the eye. They are both specialists, AKA animals with a selective/exclusive diet. Pythons are diffrent. They are more like people in they way that they will eat anything that comes across there path.
The pandas in China and the koala in Australia are similar because they require one environment and depend one one food source, making them specialized. The python is highly adaptable and can live anywhere with a reasonably favorable climate. The adaptability of the python makes it different from koalas and pandas.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar because of their exclusively "to 1 food, pandas; bamboo, koalas; eucalyptus", or Australias koalas wich eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively,"they are different from pythons because pythons can eat a variety of animals". A python swallowed an alligator.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia in that they are exclusive about their habitat, and especially eating requirements. Panda's eat almost nothing but bamboo, while koalas eat eucalyptus leaves exclusively. They are both different from pythons, because they are very invasive, and will eat whatever crosses their path.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar because they both eat a food that is not found abundantly. However, they vary from a python because a python can live numerous places throughout the world. This is evident as the author calld the pandas and koalas "specialists", whereas he says a python is a "generalist". Pandas and koalas can't be adapting like pythons can.
Pandas from china not koalas from Australia are both specialists.This means that they can really only live in an area because of what they depend on for life,such as too."A specialist is china's panda,which eats almost nothing but bamboo or Australia koalas bear which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively". Pythons are the opposite of pandas and koalas because they are generalist. As stated in the article,they can almost anywhere because of their ability to adapt.
Both pandas and koala bears eat plants. They are both vegaterieuns. China's panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's koala bears, which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively," (p. 21). However, pythons eat meat, like other animals. In paragraph 14, a python had swallowed an alligator. Panda and koala bears differ from pythons based on what they eat.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because both species eat only one plant almost exclusively. Pandas eat almost only bamboo, and koalas eat only eucalyptus leaves, so they are both specialists. They are both different from pythons because pythons are generalists, and can live in many places, unlike the specialist pandas and koala bears.
A specialist in China's panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia,s koala bear, which eats eucalyptus leaves almos exclusively. That means that koala and panda can't live in a place like U.S cause there just in Florida you can see bamboo, and eucalyptus trees and they are both different from pythons cause they can live here as a peat and pandas or koalas don't.
Both China's panda and Australia's koala each eat thing exclusively, the panda eats bamboo and koala eucalyptus leaves. A python has been shown to eat a variety of things such as a rat and also an alligator.
The panda bear and koala are similar in that they both have are exclusive food source, koalas "eat eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively". and a panda "eat almost nothing but bamboo". These leaves are specialists. A python is a generalist, it has a wide habitat range and can eat many different things.
Chinas panda and Australias koala bear are both specialist species. Also they both eat basically the same type of food, bamboo and eucalyptus leaves. These two species differ from a python because a python is a generalist. Also the article said that a python can live anywhere as a panda/koala cant.
Pandas in China are like koalas in Australia because they are both specialists; a specialist is China's panda ,which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia koala bear, which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively" (prg.23). This shows that both animals are specialists because they wouldn't survive in most environments. Both are different from pythons because, pythons are generalists, who can live in most climates.
China's pandas and Australia's koala bears are similar because they both feed off of one food pandas eat bamboo all the time and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively they are also both specialists. Pythons are different because they eat animals and are not strictly herbivores. Pythons are also generalists.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they both are specialists. In the article it states they are specialists because they favor stability and both eat only one food for the most part. Pythons are different because they are generalist, which the article says, are those who change favors, because generalists adapt to change well.
They are similar because they are both animals. They are different because they are both not specialist. The panda and koala are generalists.
pandas in China are similar to Koalas in Australia because they are both specialists where they only need one type of food to survive. These two animals are different to the python because a python is a generalist that can eat many different kinds of food and thrives where human live. Pandas and koalas can't survive with humans.
In China pandas are similar to koalas in Australia because they are specialists. They both only eat one kind of food, bamboo or eucalyptus leaves. Pythons are generalists which can live anywhere because they adapt.
Chinese pandas and Australian koala bears are similar because they're both specialists. The panda eats nothing but bamboo and the koala bear eats nothing but eucalyptus leaves. They differ from pythons because pythons eat a variety of things not just one thing.
The way that pandas are similar to koalas is that they both only rely on one food source. Unlike the python it relies on many.
Pandas and koala are specialist which means that they eat almost one kind of food. It states this in the article when it says ''almost nothing but almost exclusively'' in paragraph 21 talking about food. Different from pythons because pythons are ''generalist'' more abundant and eat more than one thing and living in different area.
Pandas in China are similar to the koalas in Austrailia because they are both specialist species who eat only certain things. They area both different from pythons, generalist species, who can eat a lot of different animals.
A panda bear and koala bear are similar because they are both specialists.They eat only one type of food and live  in one general area "A specialist is china's panda which eats nothing but bamboo." They are both different from pythons because pythons are generalist.They will eat just about anything and live where ever they are.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they both are specialists. The panda and the koala eats only a certain type of food rather than everything. A pand eats, "almost nothing but bamboo," and a koala " eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively. However, in the article, it implies that pythons eats almost anything from the tmiest thing like a worse to an alligator. Also pythons like these in Asia are design in about a third of other states in the U.S with similar climates unlike bears & pandas that are stable.
The Chinese panda and the Australian Koala bear are both specialists, China's panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo. Australia 's Koala bear , which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively. They're different than pythons because they're specialist and the pythons are generalists. Panda's and Koala's can't live everywhere and adapt but generalist can.
Pandas in china are similar to koalas in Australia because they are specialists who only eat one type of food. They are different from pythons because pythons can spread out a lot further (through the world) than pandas or koalas can.
Pandas are similar to koalas because they both walk on legs they both eat bamboo and leaves. They are different from pythons because pandas or koalas can't slither on the groun and they can eat a crocodile.
In the article it says pandas and koalas both eat plants. This differs from the python, because unlike pandas & koalas, pythons are carnivores.
Pandas in China and Koalas in Australia are both specialists, while phythons are generalists. The author said, A specialist is China's Panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo...' These animals have a very limited songs of food that they will eat while pythons can eat almost anything.
Pandas & Koalas are similar because they are both specialist species. Specialist specie favor stability. The panda & the Koalas are also both herbovores that eat mainly 1 exclusively plant. Pythons are diffrent because they are a generalist species. Generalists favor change unlike the specialist. Also a python is carnivorous and it's died ranges.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia by how they really just eat one type of food. They are specialists; pandas only eat bamboo and koalas just eat eucalyptus leaves. Pandas can live anywhere from Florida to Antarctica to even outer space. If pandas or koalas are taken out of their natural habitat, they will most likely not survive.
Pandas in China along with koalas in Australia are similar for they have very specific needs of conditions of survival because pandas only eat bamboo and koalas only eat eucalyptus leaves. A python though doesn't need as specific of living arrangnents besides a warm climate.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they are specialists. They eat only one thing; pandas eat bamboo, and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves. They differ from pythons because pythons are generalists. Generalists eat more than one type of food and can adapt to the environment around them.
Pandas are similar to Koalas because they both only really eat one thing Pandas (bamboo) Koalas (eucalyptus leaves) and turny and luk cuddely rather to the python which is vigious eats any thing that has blood, for example, it ate a aligator and dangeous.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar because they are both specialist animals that both are on a diet of mainly one thing. Pandas strictly bamboo, and koalas mainly only eucalyptus. These two animals are different from a python because pythons eat many different things in order to survive and can live in numerous places.
Pandas from China and koala from Australia both eat almost nothing but one particular thing. They are different from pythons.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar because they are specialist species. These two animals require certain factors in their habitat. They are different from pythons however because pandas and koalas are living in a fixed environment while pythons can move around.
Panda's from China are similar to Koalas in Australia because they are both harmful. In the article it says all they do is eat. The Panda's eat almost nothing but bamboo. The Koala's almost eat nothing but eucalyptus leaves.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they both eat mainly one food source, and have little access invading areas that are not their native areas. they are specialists. They are both different from python because pythons are generalists that can live in a wide climate range. I know this because in paragraph 19 it says " a generalist is a raccoon, a python, a cockroach, a white tailed dear."
Pandas in China are both similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialists. Both of these animals need specific food source to survive. These animals are different from pythons because they are more adaptive. In the article it says that pythons have been found in many different areas then they used to be in. This shows that unlike pandas and koalas, pythons can adapt to other environments.
China's panda bear and Australia's koala bear are similar because they are both specialists. They both survive on basically one type of food and wouldn't survive outside of their habit. Both these animals are different from the python because the phython eats different food, and as the map shows, live in multiple places.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia whereas they can only live in certain ares. Most pandas are found in China and most koalas are found in Australia. They are kept away from pythons and are different from them because pythons are starting to be found everywhere including America.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because it is a specialist which means that they eat nothing but bamboo or eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively. But a koala and a panda are both different from a python is a generalist, which can live anywhere from Florida to Antarctica to outer space. They also  do best when around humans.
The pandas in China are similar to the koalas in Australia because they are both specialists. These two animals differ from pythons because pythons are generalists. Specialist can only live one areas nway in contrast to generalist who can adapt and live almost anywhere.
Pandas in China and Koalas in Australia are similar because they are able to survive on a one type of food. As stated in the article that pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and Australia's koala bears that eats eucalyptus leaves exclusively. Both of the bears are different from pythons because pythons eat animals that could be endangered while koalas and pandas eat only leaves.
A panda or a koala bear are in the specialists catogories. Specialists which live and eat only in exclusive areas and certain food. A specialists differs from a generalists, because a generalists because "with the assistance of technology can live anywhere". These animals include pythons, racoons or deers.
A panda in China and koala from Australia are both similar because they mainly eat one food. For example, pandas eat nothing but bamboo and koala's eat nothing but eucalyptus leaves. They are both different from a python because a python is a generalist while pandas and koalas are specialists.
Pandas will eat almost nothing but bamboo, and Koala's only eat eucalyptus so they are specialists. Pythons on the other hand can eat and survive off many different things which would make it a generalist.
Panda in China and Koalas in Australia are similar because they are both specialists which according to the article,need stability for example, pandas live off of mostly bamboo and Koalas live almost exclusively off of eucalyptus leaves. They are different from pythons, generalists who have been able to adapt to the food sources and different parts of the world.
Pandas in China are similar to Koalas in Australia because both " specialists. In the article it say panda's eat bamboo exclusively and Koala eat eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively. They are both different from pythons because a python's because a python will eat a wide variety of foods. And a python is classified as a "generalists" as said in the article , meaning its more adaptive than a panda or Koala  bear.
Pandas and Koalas are different from pythons because they do not efect people in any way all they do is eat" vegatation while pythons eat what their bodies can handle and what they can take down.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they eat almost nothing, they eat leaves, bamboo, etc. They don't harm other wildlife animals. Pythons eat wild life animals. Pandas and koalas are better for the environment. In the article it says "pandas which eat almost nothing". The difference is habitat, and what they prey on.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they normally eat one things, either bamboo or eucalyptus leaves. But the python will eat anything like rats or crocodiles.Pandas or koalas also like stability and pythons like change as said in the article.
Pandas and koalas are both herbavores and eat a special diet complised of one plant, pandas eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus and both are gentle creatures while the python is a nasty predetor for mice and other small mammals and birds.
Panda's are similar to koalas in the except that they eat almost only one food and they are specialists. They are native species unlike the generalist python which is considered to be an invasive species by many.
Pandas in China are similar to koala in Australia because they both herbivores. Pandas eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves. They're relatively harmless and are specialists. They are both different than pythons because pythons are generalists and they eat meat.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are: what the article calls specialists. They can only live in Certain environments and unable to survive in others, pythons are what is called generalists. They are able to survive in different climates to adapt to places in different regions.
Pandas in China in Australia are similar because they are both specialist species. This is what makes them different from pythons, because pythons are generalist species. They can live in many places, and can survive in different places because they can adapt, whereas pandas and koalas cannot.
Panda's in China are similar to koala's in Australia because they are both specialists, koalas and panda's are different from pythons because python's, one; aren't specialist and two they don't eat the same things.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia they both eat one common food. "...China's panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's koala bear, which eats eucalyptus." Pandas and koalas are different from a python because it can eat very large things even bigger than their body. "A python swallowed n alligator."
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because pandas and koalas both eat mainly one thing which pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and koalas eats eucalyptus and leaves everything, else exclusively. On the other hand, pandas and koalas are different from pythons because pythons eat just about anything they can eat and pandas and koalas eat only one thing.
Pandas and koalas are similar in the way the article says they basically eat one type of food. That same information sets them apart from snakes like pythons because pythons eat according to the article a broad range of food from mice to aligators.
Pandas in China only eat bamboo which is only found in certain Asian countrys. Koala bears in Australia only eat eucalyptus leaves which are only found in few parts of the world. If you take a panda or koala out of it's habitat then it won't survive unlike pythons which eat mice which are found anywhere.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia by eating plants & only plants. They are both covered in for & can live in cooler climates. Unlike pandas & koalas, a python eats whatever it sees, for example, one ate an alligator. Pythons can barley  survive in cooler climates, where they live should be warm. mainly scotching hot.
Panda's and Koala's are stated in the article to be located in different continents but they are similar in a way. Pandas and Koala's eat plants and nothing else, such as as bamboo and eucalyptus leaves. Animals and reptiles are different because, in the article the author explained that pythons eat other animals such as an alligator. Therefore, states that Panda's and Koalas are different.
China's panda "eats almost nothing but bamboo" and Australia's koala "eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively" and specialist species because they need certain environments to live. A python is able to adapt to its environment meaning it is different from pandas and koalas because it is a generalist species.
Koalas are similar to pandas because they are both specialists meaning they need a specific diet and would not last long in other parts of the world. They are both different from pythons because pythons are generalists and can live in a multitude of places.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they depend on only one food supply, while pythons eat a variaty of different animals.
As stated in the story, koalas and pandas are specialist species. Or species that can only live in one area because their main source of food can only be found there. They differ from pythons because pythons could live in a range of areas and still be able to hunt for food.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia in the fact that they are both specialists. Pandas and koalas have very specific habitats and life cycle. On the other hand a python is a generalist. The python has a wider range of habitat and a less specific lifestyle.
Pandas in china are similar to koalas in Australia because they both eat food that grows in their area.Pandas eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves. Pandas and koalas are different from pythons because pythons can adopt to a new environment more quickly then the pandas or koala can. pythons often do best around humans where as pandas and koalas do not.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia and are different from pythons is because pandas and koalas are animals that eat only one type of food or that same food all the time. While pythons eat a variety of food, but mostly meat I know this because in the article it says "China's panda eat nothing, but bamboo or Australia's koalas eat only eucalyptus, and a python trying to eat an alligator.
Pandas from China & koalas from Australia are similar in that they are both specialists, eating exclusively one food. They are different from pythons because pythons are generalists who can live in more than one place because they eat more than 1 thing.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia but different from pythons because pandas and koalas are similar coz they dont eat or harm other animals. In the article it states that, "China's panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's koala bear, which eats eucalyptus leaves...". This makes them similar but different from pythons because pythons eat other animals unlike koalas & pandas. In the article it says, "A python swallowed an alligator...". Pythons would try to eat other animals, that what makes them different.
Pandas & Koalas are very much alive, because both animals only eat one thing either bamboo or eucalyptus leaves these differ from pythons because pythons can eat a wide variety of food, food mice to alligators. This makes python generalists & pandas and koalas specialists.
Pandas and koalas are both specialist and need specific things to live. Pythons however don't need special things to live.
Pandas and koala are similar because the both are specialist meaning the live on one thing and it is only supplied in a certain area for example the panda and bamboo.
Chinese pandas, which eat, only bamboo and Australian koalas, which eat eucalyptus leaves, are considered " specialists" by this article that is, they need specific things to survive in a given place. Pythons on the other hand , are considered generalists because they can survive in more places with different climates of native life. Pythons in Asia inhabit climates like that of the u.s says the article.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they are both specialists, meaning they need specific climates and environments to survive. Pandas and koalas reguire specific food only found in ther homelands of China and Australia. They are different from pythons because pythons are generalists, meaning they can survive in a wider range of environments than species such as pandas and koalas.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialist animals. In the article, Achenbach states that "A specialist is China's panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's koala bear, which eats eucalyptus leaves..." (5). These two animals are different than pythons because pythons are generalist animals who have a wide range of food and habitats to live in.
As stated in paragraph 21, both pandas and koalas are known as specialist because they can only exist in a specific area that holds/grows their source of food. While these animals share this lifestyle in common, the python contrasts them. The python, on the other hand, can spread anywhere with a suitable climate, thus making it more of a generalist. Because pythons are often "around humans", they are more "abundant" than pandas or koalas, as stated in paragraph 20.
Pandas and koalas are both specialist animals, they eat, respectively, bamboo and eucalyptus leaves, almost exclusively. They are unlike pythons, which will eat a more general selection of prey from wood rats to alligators.
China's panda bear is similar to Australia's koala bear because they eat only one type of food so they can only live in areas that support the growth of their food. Unlike the python which can live anywhere that is warm and has small animals.
Pandas & koalas both have specialized diets. Climats, making it difficult to survive in a variety of areas. Koalas for example eat almost exclusively eucalyptus leaves, wile python can eat just about anything and live just about anywhere (their habitat and food).
Pandas in China are simillar to koala in Australia because they are both specialists. They are exclusive about the things they eat & where they live. The python is different because it is a generalist. Generalists are more adaptable. As a result they can survive in many places around the world.
Chinas pandas are similar to koalas in Australia because as the author states in paragraphs 19-21 they are specialists. These differ from pythons which are generalists and like humans more able to adapt to different environments.
Pandas in China are similar to Koalas in Australia because they both specialists. These two animals rely and single species food sorce to survive, and are different from the python because this animal is a generalist, meaning it will change its food source as it travels to different envroments.
Panda's and koalas are both herbivoures and eat plants to survive. And pythons can kill many different species causing problem unlike a panda or koala.
Pandas in China stick with one type of food, bamboo. The koala in Australia sticks with one type of food too, eucalyptus leaves. A python, on the other hand is not picky. In fact there is a picture that is mentioned in this article " A python swallowed an alligator".
China's panda eats almost nothing but bamboo. Australia's koala bear eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively. They are different from pythons because pythons are generalists and can live almost anywhere and adapt while they cannot.
Pandas in China and Koalas in Australia are similar because they both have very strict diets-which restrains them from leaving their natural habitat and makes them specialists. They are both different from pythons (generalists) because pythons have been found to live in a variety of climate due to their broader acceptable food range. Also, pythons do well around humans, allowing them to live as pets.
Pandas in China eat only bamboo and koalas feed exclusively on eucalyptus trees in Australia. Both are specialists because they can only survive on one type of food. Pythons are generalists in contrast, because they can adapt to different food sources depending on their environment. The panda and koala are specialists while the pythons are generalists.
Panda's in China and koalas in Australia are very similar for one reason, while they are both different from pythons for the same reason. The article explains,(..) China's panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo or Australia's koala bear, which eat eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively". This quote shows China panda's and Australia's koala bears are similar because they mostly eat one thing. This makes them different from the python because the python eats a wide range of thins.
Pandas in China are similar are similar to koalas in Australia because they both rely on their habitat and they can't really leave their environment. "China's panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo or Australias koala which eats eucalyptus leaves exclusively. " Pythons can adapt to different environments and can eat a variety of things pandas and koalas can't.
Both pandas and koalas are specialists species, meaning that they can live under specific conditions, and or a certain food source. On the other hand, pythons are a generalist species, they can live under a wider variety of conditions allowing them to thrive.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they depend entirely on their location to survive. Their only food source is where they live. They are different from pythons because pythons can live pretty much anywhere. In the article it says a python lived in a tourist car and due tried to eat an alligator, so they can actually survive.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialist species and eat the same thing throughout there lives. They are both different from pythons because pythons are more stable in the article it states "what favors generalist is chang what favors specialist is stability". The author means by this is a python can adapt to its evorment and a panda is more stable in its eviorment.
Both the panda and koala are specialists. They require a very specific habitat to live. The have differently adapting to all other habitats but their own. A python on the other hand is able to live and survive in many habitats. It is not restricted to one food source like the panda or the koala, it can find a way to survive if the climate fits it.
Pandas from China and koalas from Australia are both specialists. They both live off of one food source and could only live in the areas they are from Chunge to their habitats would mean death for them. They are different from pythons because pythons are generalists and can adapt to changing habitats quickly, and eat just about anything. Pythons have already made the change of habitat to everglades in the U.S.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they both plant eaters and they dont harm people and such as pythons a meat eater has to meal to survive and they just dont move anywhere cause they are unlike koala and pandas could live anywhere.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar because they both only eat one thing. "China's panda, which eats only bamboo, or Australia's koala, which eats eucalyptus leaves exclusively". Specialists are different from generalist because generalist are abundant species that often do best in and around humans.
Pandas are similar to koalas in that they are both specialized animals that eat only one specific type of food, and can live in very many areas besides their normal habitats as a result, the animals are different from pythons because while they are specialists; pythons are generalists in that they can survive in different areas.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they are both specialists, and require only 1 type of food to live, like bamboo or eucalyptus leaves. They differ from pythons because pythons are generalists, as shown in paragraph 20. They can adapt to different foods and can therefore survive in many places and species are quietly.
Pandas in China and Koalas in Australia are similar because both are specialists.They wouldn't be able to live any place else in the world because of the type of food they eat bamboo and eucalyptus leaves both animals differ from a python because pythons are generalists and can live in many places.
Pandas in China only eat bamboo and Koalas in Australia eat exclusively eucalyptus leaves. They are both restricted to one food while pythons eat a varity of foods potentially harming native species.
China's panda and Australia's koala bear are similar because they are both specialists which means they need to be in certain conditions and eat certain foods to survive. They are different from pythons because according to the article, pythons are generalists which means they can live in a number of different climates and survive on a variety of different foods and resources.
Pandas' and Koalas' both almost only eat one type of food. As said in the article "A specialist is China's panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo..." Showing that if the panda or Koala were to move to another country they'd need some place with their most eaters food. Pythons are different because wherever it goes an it needs is meat and rodents.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they both mainly eat one type of food. They are different because pythons eat all different types of food. This is how pandas and koalas are different from pythons.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they both eat certain things like plants, and python eat living creatures. " A specialist  is China's panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's koala bear, which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively." I believe they are both different because pandas and koalas are harbivors, and pythons are carnivors.
Pandas and koalas are both endangered animals. They can only be found in certain places where their food supply is. They are different from pythons because they move to a new environment and adapt as well. They be at a loss of food and climate change.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialists. Pandas and koalas cannot survive just anywhere because pandas eat almost only bamboo and koalas eat almost only eucalyptus leaves. They are both different from pythons because pythons are generalists and do not require a specific type of food. This means they have more places where they can survive.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australian because, they are both specialist species and since they eat specific foods can only live specific parts of globe. In contrast, pythons are generalist species who can adapt to the environment and are better off than Pandas and koalas because according to the aticle, "we live in an age that favors generalists."
Pandas in China are similar to Koalas in Australia because the both only have one type of food source.For Pandas its bamboo, and Koalas its the leaves of the eucalyptus tree. Both are mammals unlike the python which how many different food/prey and is a reptile.
Pandas in China and Koalas from Australia are similar because they are both specialists species.That means they only eat one food, Koalas eating eucalyptus leaves and Pandas eating bamboo. They are different from lizards are a generous specie, meaning that they do not eat only one thing like Panda and Koalas.
Panda's and koalas are similar, they both are very praceful animals and have a very strict climate they need to live in along of all even stricter diet. The python is very different and as seen on the way is adaptive to a new diet, hence the spreading across southern America.
Pandas in China and Koalas in Australia are similar because they are both specialists. "A generalist is a python,"(p5) and with the, "assistant of technology can live anywhere" (p5). As a result, Pandas in china and Koalas in Australia both need certain living conditions, unlike the python.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they both eat things that have to do with trees. They are different from pythons because a it says in the article "A specialist is China's panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's koala bear, which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively".
Pandas and koalas are both specialists. They are both extremely particular about what they eat. Pandas almost only eat eucalyptus leaves. Pandas and koalas both differ from pythons because they can adapt their eating habits easily and eat a range of things.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialists meaning that they only eat certain kinds of food which also means that they can only live in certain places. Both of these animals are different from a python because pythons are generalists meaning that they eat a wide variety of things, therefore they can survive pretty much anywhere.
A panda and a koala are both vegetarians. Pandas eat bamboo, and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves. Pythons are not vegetarians they eat meat, and they kill there pray by strangling them or putting venom into them.
Pandas are similar to koalas in the sense that both animals specifically eat one type of food and live in one environment whereas pythons which eat a variety of things can live anywhere thus giving the python a higher chance of survival than both the panda and the koala.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they are both specialists. As explained in paragraphs 19-21, they only live in a certain region or area (China, Australia). They are different from pythons because pythons are generalists like raccoons and cockroaches which you'll see anywhere around the world.
Pandas in China are similar to Koalas in Australia because they are both specialists. A Chinese Panda "eats almost nothing but bamboo." and a Koala "eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively", this shows how these animals most live in one place. A Python, on the other hand , is a generalist that is not affected it depending to different climates. Pandas and Koalas cannot live without specialists.
How pandas and koalas are similar because they only eat one thing nothing but it. Pandas eat bamboo constantly and koalas all they eat is eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively they both are different from phythons because pythons will eat anything unlike the panda and koala.
China's panda and Australia's koala are similar because they are specialists, meaning they favor stability and they are only able to live in a certain area. For example the article explains how pandas almost only eat bamboo (which grows in China) and how koalas main food are the eucalyptus leaves which grow in Australia. They are both unlike the python because it is a generalist which is able to adapt and live more places than specialists.
According to the article panda's in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they both are specialist. However they differ from a python because pythons can live anywhere meaning they can adapt to different environments. As the the pandas and koalas they cannot survive without certain sources.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both herbavors. They are different from the python because pythons eat almost anything. For example, crocodiles is something they even attempt to eat.
Panda's in China are similar to Koalas in Australia because Panda's eats almost nothing but bamboo. Koalas eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively and they are different from pythons because.
Koalas and pandas are both specialist species. Neither of them change their diet which, for koalas is eucalyptus leaves, and for pandas, bamboo. These two species are different from a python because a python is a generalist species. Its diet changes according to its surrounding food sources.
Pandas in China are similar to Koalas because they are both specialist meaning they live in specific places due to the one specific thing they eat. They are different from pythons because pythons are generalists and can live almost anywhere.
Both China's panda bear and Australia's koala bear both live on nothing but plants that grow in the habitats but they don't eat more than one kind of plant they only eat a specific plant. They both are different from a python because they don't have multiple sources of food and don't have to hunt there food down.
Pandas and koalas are similar to each other because they both eat some type of plant, their cute and cuddly and they can live in cold weather unlike pythons.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia they only eat one thing. In the article pandas only eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves. they are both different from the python by the python eat other animals and animal populations begin to dwindle. Bamboo and eucalyptus leaves and reducing sources.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they are specialists they have to live in special environments which where pythons can live or go anywhere their able to adapt to their sourroindings way better than koalas or pandas.
Pandas and Koalas are similar because they are both specialists- they eat only a specific type of food and so can only survive in a specific habitat. Pythons are generalists- they can eat many things and so can  live many places. This makes them a very effective invasive species, as described in the article.
China's panda and Australia's koala are two animals that arent predator, pandas eat bamboo and koala's eat eucalyptus leaves. Therefore, they are harmless. They are both different from pythons because pythons are potentialy dangerous considering they can swallow an entire alligator you could conceivably have pythons shacking upto the Potomac
Pandas and koalas are similar because they are both described as specialist animals because they only eat one food exclusively; no change. The panda and koala bears a different from the pythons because because pythons are generalist animals, that migrate and can adapt to the climates in the Lower States, while the panda and koala bears cannot.
Pandas in China and Koalas in Australia are similar because they both only feed on one thing. Pandas eat bamboo and Koalas eucalyptus leaves. Unlike pythons which eat just about everything including Aligators.
Pandas in China and koalas from Australia are similar because they are both specialist. They both are different from a python because a python is a generalist.
Panda's are similar to koala's because they are both specialists and a python is a generalist.
Pandas in china are similar to koalas in Australia because they both are specialist. In the article it states that koala bears & pandas eat mainly one type of food. Koalas eat eucalyptus leaves while pandas eact bamboo. They are both different from pythons because pythons are generalists. And like stated in the article they can adapt to anything.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they eat mainly one type of food for them. Pandas eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves. They differ from a python because pythons can eat just about anything...one even attempted an alligator.
Pandas are similar to koalas due to their very much a like eating habitsthey both eat bamboo and occasional bugs. Pythons on the other hand, aren't mammals like pandas & koalas & eat mostly rodents.
Pandas and koalas are similar in that they are both endangered and they eat mostly one thing, "China's panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's koala bears which eats almost eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively." (Achenbach 5). These two are different from pythons because pythons will eat almost any thing.
A China panda eats almost nothing, but bamboo koalas bear eat eucalyptus leaves, those two animals are similar because they both eat a food amount of leaves or something that is green. Those two animals are different from pythons because pythons hurt and wrap their pray around them. Panda's and koala bears stay in rain forests, pythons you will mostly catch them in an hot enviroment.
The pandas in China eat nothing but bamboo and Australia's koala bear eat eucalyptus leaves almost every day. Mammals like a panda and a koala bear, are warm and fuzzy, while animals such as snakes and pythons, are less well respected or supported, which koala bears and pandas are different from pythons.
Panda's and koalas are both similar because they are specialist. They need a very specific climate to live or they will die. Pythons differ from these two animals because pythons are generalist. Pythons have a much broader range that they can survive in.
A panda and a koala beer are similar because they both eat one type of food. A panda eats bamboo, and a Koala bear eats eucalyptus leaves. They are also both specialists, but a python is a generalist. Meaning they can adapt to their surroundings. Pandas and koala beers can't adapt.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they need special environment and food to live, while pythons don't. To show the relationship between these creatures Mac Innes explains, "What favors generalists is change. What favors specialists is stability". In other words, pandas and koalas need stability to thrive, while pythons doesn't.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are their specialist. Pythons are generalists which are the complete offer, to pandas and koalas. The text states ''a generalist is a raccoon, a python, a cockroach, a white-tailed deer. A specialists is China's panda or Australia' koala.'' The specialists are the peaceful creatures that keep to themselves and generalists are the destructive creatures that are harmful and dangerous. This is just like a house cat compared to lion or a dog compared to wolf.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar because they are both specialist species. They both require specific resources and climate to survive. These limits them to only their natural habitats. This makes pandas and koalas much different than pythons. Pythons are generalists and can survive in many different places. That is why pythons are being found naturally in Florida but not koalas or pandas.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar because they both are exclusively eating one food. ''A specialist is China's panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's koala bear, which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . ''But they are different from pythons because pythons eat a much more vast assortment.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because, they eat plants only. The pandas eat nothing but bamboo. And as for the koalas they eat nothing but, eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively. They're both different then pythons because, its a generalist.
Pandas and koalas, eva fogh they live in different of the world are still very alike. The one thing they share the most is their food. They both only practicly eat one thing. For the panda its bamboo and the koala eats eucalyptus leaves both these two animals are very dfferent than a python that has no legs and eats anything.
A panda beer is similar koala to a koala bear because they both only eat one food for the most part. Pandas eat bamboo, while koalas eat eucalyptus leaves. But a python is a more diverse and invasive animal. I eats a broader range of things from smaller reptile to amphibians.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar because they both eat food from nature, for example pandas eat bamboo, and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves. The difference between the two koala and panda from a python is the different environments they live in . For example, the pythons lives along the canals of Cape Coral, pandas and koalas live near forest
China's panda and Australia's koala bear are both specialists. while pandas eat nothing but bamboos, "and koala eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively,"  phython's a generalist. According to the oraicle  we live in an age that favors generalist rather than specialists; and other generalists are best in and around humans.
In the article it says that both koalas and pandas are specialist species. While pythons are generalist species so pandas and koalas are similar because they eat specific types of food, while pythons will eat almost anything.
Pandas in China and koalas from Australia are similar because they are specialists. The pandas only eat bamboo and koalas only eat eucalyptus leaves while a python can heat almost every thing humans can because they're generalist.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialists. They eat almost nothing. They are both different from pythons because pythons are carnivors. They eat mammals. As pandas eat bamboo and koalas eat leaves.
Pandas in China are similiar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialist who are not favored at this age. The python is different than these animals because it is a generalist. In the article it says, "mammals are warm & fuzzy...but animals such as lizards & snakes tend to be less respected or supperied".
Pandas & koalas are similar because they both are classified as specialist & they both eat plants. While the pythons are generalist that eat meat & animals. According to the article it states "a python swallowed an alligator & which eats almost nothing but bamboo." These 2 auntes show how both animal have diffrent traits, & eatinhabits are just one of them.
The Pandas and the Koalas are similar because they both are specialist. They are different because they're from different parts of the world and they eat different food. They both are different from pythons because pythons eat other animals, example "A Python swallowed an alligator." The Pandas and Koalas only eat bamboo and eucalyptus leaves.
China's panda are different to Australia's koala bear because panda eats almost nothing but bamboo. And koala bear eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively.
Panda in China only eat bamboo the Koala in Australia eat eucalyptus leaves exclusively.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they are both part of the specialist species and they both mostly eat one food source with pandas its bamboo and with koalas its eucalyptus leaves. They are both a total different species from pythons.
The pandas in china are similar to koalas in Australia.The article in paragraph 19 through of explains how both of these animals eat nothing but the same food over and over.How the pand eats bamboo and the koalas eats eucalyptus.Both these animals eat plants and they are both different from python's because the koalas and panda are not meat eaters.The article says that the python is generalist.
China's Panda bear eats mostly bamboo and Australia's Koala eats leaves, the show no harm on other hand pythons eats pets and harm humans and cause a threat to America's animals.
Pandas is similar to koalas because pandas eat bamboo and koala eat only eucalyptus leaves an they thought eat meat and python eat meat.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar because they only eat one thing. Pandas eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves. Pythons on the other are completely different because they have a large variety of what they eat. In 2005, a python swallowed an alligator, and later the python itself blew up.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both a specialists who need very specific environments to survive. They are different from pythons because pythons are generalists that can live close to almost anywhere.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because these animals are harmless and are not a threat to human. Pythons or the other hand are a threat to humans so they are un welcome to society as pandas and koalas are more welcomed.
Pandas in  China are similar to koalas i Australia because they both prosper off mainly one food source and live in one part of the world unless they are taken away or raised somewhere else. A python differs from these animals because it can be found living in many places and eating many things.
Pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves they are similar because they both just eat plants. They both are different from pythons because a python is a reptile and a snake and eats mice and other kinds of animals and you really don't see pandas and koala bears in the street and other weird places.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they only eat about one thing lik pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and the koalas eats only eucalyptus leaves only. The pyth on eats anything it canget lik on alagator.
China's panda eats almost nothing but bamboo tha is why China's panda and Australia's koala are similar because Australia's koala they eat eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively. and China's panda and Australia's koalas are both different from pythons because pythons don't eat the same.
The pandas and the koalas are similar because they are the same specia and due, are different's because pandas eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they only rely one one food source for panda's it's bamboo and koalas it's eucalyptus leaves, yet they both are different from pythons because they rely on more than one source to survive, and they keep on moving to different locations.
Chinas pandas and Australia's koala bears are similar because they each only eat one kind of food that it. The phython can eat anything pretty much. Thats how the phython is different from the pandas and koala. The koala eats eucalyptus leaves and pandas eat only bamboo.
The China's panda eats almost nothing but bamboo and the Astrailia koala bear eats eucalyptus almost exclusively.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia since they are both specialists that eat a certain type of food almost exclusively. They are different from pythons because pythons can live anywhere and are most abundant in or around humans.
Pandas and koalas eat almost one food exclusively while pythons will just about anything to get nutrition.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they both eat mostly only one kind of food. Pandas eat mostly bamboo and koalas eat mostly eucalyptus leaves. Pandas and koalas are different from pythons because pythons will eat anything they can find. For example, that pythons in Florida that tried to eat an alligator.
Both pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar by the way that they both eat naturally growth vegestables like bamboo or eucalyptus plants; Yet they both differ from pythons because while they eat plants, the pythons consumes animals like wond rats- even alligators.
Pandas in China are similar to koala bears in Australia beause they both eat plants and try to stay out of harms way. On the other hand pythons are different because they will eat anything from mice to alli gators and kill what is ever in its path.
The China's panda and the Australia's koala are both specialist because they eat the same most of the time. Pythons are generalist which can eat diffent types of animals.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialists. Both eat almost nothing but a certain type of plant from their native lands. Both koalas and pandas are different from pythons in that, according to the author, pythons are generalists. They are able to live in many places though small adaptations such as eating whatever animals they can find.
Pandas in China are similar to koalasa in Australia because they both are specialists. Also they only eat one thing. For example pandas only eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves. They are different because they eat different things. In the article it says panda eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves.
Pandas in China and koala's in Australia are similar because they both eat leaves and bamboo and would only survive in the jungle. In the article it says that pandas eat ''almost nothing but bamboo,'' and Australia's koala bear ''eats eucalyptus leaves.'' They differ from pythons because they're able to live anywhere.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialist. "A specialist is China's panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's koala bear, which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively". They both rely on specific food sources that are found only in certain areas. This differs from the pythons who can thrive in many different environments and have a more varied diet.
Just like phythons, koalas and pandas need their space. They live in a certain enviroment, that they can adapt to. Every animal must adapt to its place at where it lives. They can't just get up and move its not that easy.
Panda's and koala's are similar in the way that they only like to eat one specific food, and nothing else. They are different from the python because they are not invasive to where they live. their population is extremely low and they are not being damaging to their home environment.
China pandas and Australia koalas are similar because there both plant eaters and there both a specialist. There both different than pythons because a python is a generalist.
Panda  and koalas are similar because they're both specialists and they both eat pretty much only one type of plant. They are both different from pythons because pythons are generalists, so they will eat almost anything; also pythons are invasive and pandas are koalas are not.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia by both of them being a specialist. Also they both only eat one type of food. Pandas eat bamboo while koalas eat eucalyptus leaves as stated on paragraph 21. They also differ from pythons because pythons are generalist which is said on paragraph 20.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they both rely on only a certain type of food and can only survive in their natural habitat where that food is available. They are both different from pythons, because unlike pandas & koalas, pythons can survive in many different environments and they are not picky when it comes to eating.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar because they can only survive in very special climates with specific food sources. These are different from pythons because pythons can adapt better and eat many different things. This is shown in the map provided with the article because it shows pythons could survive in 17 states.
The pandas and koalas are alike because they both only eat one thing. As with the pythons they eat a few different things. They are different types of animals so they need different things.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Aus because they are both anunaunt  and specialists that eat bamboo &,eucalyptus leaves so they can't be harmful to humans. They live in a certain place, unlike pythons which are generalists so they can rang from Florida to Antartica to outer space.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia by which they both are "specialist." Pandas eats almost nothing but bamboo and koalas eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively. Verse pythons are "generalist" that could eat anything.
Pandas and koala's are similar in they're eating habits: "China's panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo or Australia's koala bear which eat leaves almost exclusively. They differ from pythons because the article explains how pythons eat all of the habitats native animals causing potential extinction where as these 2 bears do not.
China's panda and Australia's koala bear have a lot incomon, they both live in the cold and they are both bears. They are different from a python because a python eats almost anything and a koala bear in panda donot.
Panda's are similar to koala bears because they both eat only one thing and those things which are bamboo, and eucalyptus leaves. These two bears on aren't harming anything by eating the foods. But pythons eat almost anything that moves and they are harming the enviornnent.
The pandas in China are similar to koala bear in Australia because they only eat plants. There different because the one in China eat only bamboo and the one from Australia eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively.
Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are different from pythons because they at normal and they really dont eat anything. I know this because in the passage, it said, " China panda eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia koala bear eats eucalyptus leaves. Pandas and koala are similar because they are both specialists.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialists. A specialist like the panda and koala both eat specific things and might not be able to adapt to a new place like a python. Pandas and koalas are different from pythons because pythons can live anywhere from Florida to Antarctica to outer space. Where as pandas and koalas can not.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialists. They eat trees and are very harmful. They are both different from pytons because pytons eat other species, and they are very harmful. "A python swallowed an alligator and there's not a delicate way to put it exploded" according to the article.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are two animals that are specialist and are found to be harmless, because it says in the article they only eat plants. They are both different from pythons because they are not seen no a threat. Where as pythons are a threat even to other animals like in the article a python ate an alligator.
Panda from china and koalas from Australia are in the very similar.They are both specialists.They live eating special plants like bamboo and eucalyptus leaves while pythons are very different.They can eat almost anything and kill only animals as a source of food.They are also eaten made pets so they have a better chance of survival.
The China panda bear and the Australian Koala bear are both specialists. " what  favors specialists is stability" ( Achen bach). The panda bear and the  Koala bear are different from the pythons because the pythons is a generalists " what favors generalists is change, " ( Achanbach)
China's pandas and Australia's koala both have specific food sources from specific places,pythons can live anywhere from Florida to Australia with the assistance of technology.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they tend to get fod or eat the same meal a day while pythons are endangering species, the they largo wood rat.
Pandas and koalas both have to stay in certain area of the world. For them to survive they need to eat food exclusive to their homeland. Pythons on the other hand can live in a variety of climates. The article states that they can be found in Asia and America.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they both are under the category of a harmless animals and eat nothing but plants mainly. They both differ from python because pythons are dangerous reptiles that can kill someone or an animal and panda and koalas are harmless.
Pandas and koalas are both mamals and humb . They are diferent fromoe pythons is that they of warm and fluffy and furry and snake are scale and unapealing to the eye.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they both stay in one continent and don't move. They are both different from pythons because they don't eat the same food and pythons don't have legs and arms, but koalas and pandas do.
The article said china's panda eats nothing but bamboo and Australia's Koalas bear eat eucalyptus leaves mainly one of their similar thing is rat leaves and whether cold or warm. Also, panda and Koala should in kind of bear. Their food tree are different but living nature is similar.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia are both specialists. They eat almost nothing but one thing. They are different from pythons by how because pythons eat a lot more than just one thing, they eat a variety of things.
Panda's in china are similar to koalas in Australia they only eat one type of food and don't cause a threat. unlike the phythons who eat many things and people are scared of them.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both from the same specie. They are different because China's panda, eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's koala bear, eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively. Pythons are generalist a raccon, a cockroach.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they are both specialists. The panda eats almost nothing but bamboo: Australia's koala bear eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively. A panda and koala differ from pythons because a python is a generalist with the assistance of technology it can live anywhere.
Panda's and koalas are the same because they both eat the same thing everyday all day. Panda's eat bambo and koala eat eucalyptus leaves. As the article states a generalist is like a raccon they can live anywhere from Florida to Antarctica, pandas and koalas can't because they rely on a surtan food sorse to live.
Pandas and koalas are similar because both animals eat some parts of trees. Pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves. Both of these animals are different from pythons because.
Pandas almost eats nothing except bamboo and koalas eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively. Pythons could snack their way right up the polomac . Also looking at the reptile habitat map makes it obvious that pythons eat more than one thing.
The pandas in China are similar to the koala bear in Australia because they are not harmful. Also they dont eat a lot of diffrent things they eat bamboo and eucalyptus leaves. They are diffrent from pythons because pythons eat whatever is around if they are hungry.
The connection between the pandas and the koala bear from the passage was used as an example. That both animals have the same eating habits of how often they eat something. The panda eats mostly bamboo while the koala bear rarely eats eucalyptus leaves. That how pythons would react.
Pandas are similar to koala bears because they both eat a very limited amount of food. Paragraph 21 states that pandas eat almost only bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves. Koalas and pandas bot are different from pythons because koalas and panda eat vegitables, while the python eats small animals like mice.
As the author said towards the end of the article both of these are specialist animals who need to remain in one area to eat the food they are accustomed to. This would not allow these species to be invasive. This is much different to the pythons because that species can adapt any change to the environment around them, unlike the specialists which do very little change.
Pandas and koalas are specilist species because they rely on stability to live while the pythons is a generalist species that can survive in multiple places.
Pandas and koalas are similar because they only eat 1 food source and can't adapt anywhere else like pythons can.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia is because both animals hardly ever eat anything.
China's panda is like Australia's koala bear, because they both eat mostly one thing, bamboo and eucalyptus leaves. Also both of these things are vegetarine leafs and trees. Unlike a python which pretty much eats anything it can fit into its mouth even a alligator.
Pandas & koala bears both eat plants while the snakes eat animals.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both A specialist, in the article it says that a panda would eat nothing but bamboo, and koala would ecalyptus leaves. They are different from pythons because pythons are A generalist, the article say that can live anywhere, and this species have become most abundant.
Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia, because they are animals that only eat bamboo and eucalyptus. They don't eat meat. As stated in the article, "China's pand which eats almost nothing but bamboo or Australia's koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves." These animals are harmless to our envinroment. They both differ from a python because the python eats animals. In the article it states, "A python swallowed an alligator." Pandas and koalas don't do this.
